The classical variation of the Charles' Opening is the most analyzed variation.
After 3.
Bb2 Black has 3...Nxe4, 3...Bc5, or 3...Nc6.
After 3...Nxe4 play usually continues 4.
Qe2 d5 5.
Nc3 Bf5 (Black does not play 5...Nxc3 because they wants to hang on to their pawn advantage.
Black would lose his pawn advantage after something like 6.
Qxe5+ Qe7 7.
Qxe7+ Bxe7 8.
Bxc3) 6.
Nxe4 dxe4 7.
Qb5+ Nd7 (once again the best move hanging on to the e5 pawn) 8.
Ne2 (White develops his knight instead of playing 8.
Qxb7 because Black can play 8...Rb8 9.
Qxa7 Bc5 10.
Qa4 O-O, where White is up a pawn but Black has a major development lead and White's queen is on the awkward a4 square.
The computer sees this position -1.
90 for White.)
8...Rb8 9.
h4?!
(This move threatens to trap black's dark-squared bishop.)
9...h5 10.
O-O-O.
The "Stockfish Engine" says Black is slightly winning but that is only because of a complicated line after 10...c6.
3...Bc5 is probably the strongest move, since it quickly develops another piece and prepares to play O-O extremely early.
After 3...Bc5 play usually continues 4.
Nc3 O-O 5.
Qe2 Re8 6.
O-O-O a5 (a7-a5 is a very good move.
It plans to weaken the queenside and break White's fianchetto with an eventual a5-a4) 7.
Nf3 d6 (supporting his other central pawn and his developed bishop, while allowing his other, undeveloped bishop to develop) 8. d4 exd4 9.
Nxd4 a4 10.
Kb1 Nc6 11.
Nxc6 bxc6 12. f3 axb3 13. cxb3 Ba3 (trading off one of his most active pieces in order to expose White's king even more) 14.
Bxa3 Rxa3 15.
Qb2 Rb7 (planning to eventually double up his rooks on the a file with Rea8).
The final response to 3.
Bb2 is 3...Nc6.
After 3...Nc6 play usually continues 4.
Nf3 Bc5 5.
Bd3 O-O 6.
O-O Re8 7.
Nc3 d6 8.
Na4 (planning to trade their knight for Black's active bishop while activating his bishop on b2) 8...Bg4 9.
Nxc5 dxc5 10. a4 Nd4 11.
Bxd4 cxd4 12. h3 Bh5.
This position is very even.
White plans to expand queenside with moves like b3-b4 and a4-a5; Black plans to clamp the center with move like c3-c5 and slowly maneuver his pieces to the kingside for an attack.
Overall, the classical variation of the Charles' Opening is the most challenging variation against 2...Nf6.
If a player likes lots of opening theory and wants a new weapon for their opening repertoire, the Charles' Opening: Classical Variation is for them.

TECHNICAL COLLEGE FETE.
The grounds of the Central Technical College were bright with colour on Saturday afternoon, when a fete on a large scale was held in aid of the College Gymnasium Fund.
Festoons of flags were suspended between the buildings, while gaily decorated and attractively stocked stalls were arranged in the angles of the different blocks, and attended by girls in daintily coloured hats and aprons.
The official opening of the gymnasium was performed by his Excellency the Governor (Sir Matthew Nathan), who was attended by Captain Hammond, A.D.C., and was received by a recepuon committee comprising the officers in charge of departments (Messrs. McGillivray and George, and Mrs. Young).
In an interesting address to the very large gathering assembled in the gymnasium, his Excellency emphasised the importance and the benefits of physical culture.
A panel carving representing the principal of the college (Mr. R. A. Wearne), executed by Mr. L. J. Harvey, was unveiled by his Excellency.
At the instance of the Minister for Public Instruction (Mr. J. Huxham), a vote of thanks was accorded to his Excellency.
Others who were present at the opening ceremony included Colonel D. C. Cameron, M.H.R., Mr. Wearne, Mr. W. Bertram and Miss Bertram, members of the Domestic Science Advisory Board (Mesdames J. Huxham, J. N. Devoy, A. Skirving, and G. Carter), Messrs. A. S. Kennedy, L. C. Morris (Superintendent of Technical Education), and Daly.
The gymnasium building was erected by returned soldiers under the direction of Mr. Kingwill, and others who rendered valuable assistance in connection with the building and the fete were Colonel Cameron, Messrs. Watkins and Owens, and the staff of the college.
During the afternoon musical selections were rendered by the Naval Band, and a guard of honour for his Excellency the Governor was formed by the naval cadets.
A basket ball contest arranged between the Technical High School, Commercial, and Domestic Science Schools was won by the first named.
Various forms of amusement comprised demonstrations of different kinds.
In the evening the grounds were illuminated by electric light, and a dance was held in the gymnasium.
The duties of hon.
organisers were carried out by Mrs. Young, Messrs. Wearne, Monkhouse, and Watkins.
The gymnasium fund committee comprised Messrs. Watkins (president), J.
A. Hobson (hon.
secretary), Burton (hon.
treasurer), Mrs. Young, Misses M. Palmer and Wendt, Messrs. Armitage, Bremner, Burton, Claire, Crane, Ferry, Harvey, Hobson, Howes, Jones, King, Kingwill, Lewis, Longworth, Marienthal, Maynard, McGillivray, O'Shaughnessy, Palmer, Seymour, Watkins, Wilton, and Plant.
The gymnasium fete committee was formed of a number of members from the gymnasium fund committee.
The stalls and stallholders were as follows:— Engineering Stall: Engineering branch, Department of Technology, Messrs. Armitage (convener), Messrs. Monkhouse, Wilson, Taylor, Gowd, Bremner, Manion, and Marienthal.
Tinware: Sheet metal work branch, Messrs. S. J. Seymour and G. Howes.
Fruit and vegetables: Chemistry, wool, and art branches, Mr. S. B. Watkins (convener), Miss Nagel, Messrs. Broe, Lewis, Harvey, and Malyon.
Cake and sweets: Domestic science department, Mrs. Young (convenor), Misses Wendt, Slaughter, Bell, Baird, Staunton, Allison, E. Young, M. Barker, D. Williams, I. McDonnell, R. Riggall, E. O'Brien, J. Herbert, E. Fry, and Mrs. Dineen.
Jazz and bachelors' stall: Administrative department, Mr. N. O'Shaughnessy (convener), Mr. R. D. Ferry, Misses O. Clarke, B. Jones, G. McKenzie, M. Owens, N. Smart, L. A.
Wells, D. Williamson, G. Wood, Messrs. M. Burton, T. Claire, A. Hickerton, J. Hobson, H. Kay, G. Lewis, H. D. Noyes, W. Owens, J.
A. Rigby, W. Wood, and J. H. Woodward.
Flowers and pot plants: Mr. F. H. Hobson (convenor), Mesdams K. Bohan, R. Calthorp, C. Mullens, C. Murison, H. and C. Reid, S. J. Ryan, M. Tucker, Misses S. J. Beatty and A. Massey, Messrs. P. Birkbeck, W. C. Johnston, J. F Ludgate, and J. Wilkinson.
Refreshments: Department of commerce, Miss M. Palmer and Mr. J. H. Jones (conveners), Miss E. Henry, Messrs. Arthur and Andrews, assisted by the staff and students of the department.
Furnishing and Woodwork: Sections of building branch, Messrs W. R. Kingwell (convener), L. Cockburn, J. J. Dryden, G. J. Hoey, R. C. Hammond, R. King, E. G. Maynard, R. Nasmyth, F. Pethebridge, and L. Potts.
Demonstrations were conducted as follow:— Chemical experiments, directed by Mr. Broe; pottery, Mr. Harvey; X Rays, Mr. Monkhouse; wireless transmission and reception, Mr. Lecester, of the naval department.

"On the Air" in September.
TWEED STATION 2MW.
The Tweed's commercial broadcasting station, 2MW, will be "on the air" probably during the first week in September.
A decision to this effect was made at a recent meeting of the Board of Directors of Tweed Radio and Broadcasting Coy.
Pty.
Ltd., but the actual date is in abeyance pending final arrangements for the official opening ceremony.
The studio, which is situated on the Condong Road, just outside Murwillumbah, is almost complete, while the two 150 feet masts already form a prominent district landmark.
The grounds are being tastefully laid out, and altogether the station presents a most attractive appearance.
The contractor for the erection of the station was Mr. M. Vardy, of Murwillumbah, while the masts were erected by Mr. T. A.
Small, the station manager, with the assistance of local workmen.
The problems associated with the erection of the huge pieces of timber which constitute the masts were not slight, and Mr. Small is to be congratulated on the workmanlike job that he has carried out.
Apart , from its attractive appearance, the station will probably be one of the most efficient of its size in the Commonwealth.
It will have an output of 100 watts, and the broadcasting set has been constructed by Standard Telephones and Cables (Australasia) Pty.
Ltd., of Sydney.
Some delay has been experienced in the completion of the set as a result of two changes in the wave length since the work was started, but delivery of the set will be taken during the coming month.
In the opinion of Mr. Crawford, the senior wireless inspector of New South Wales, the set is of outstanding quality for its power.
It is designed to give efficient day and night service under all conditions over a radius of 30 miles.
The studio equipment has been constructed by Lekmek Radio Laboratories and this also is of the highest standard.
A picture on the cover of this week's "Wireless Weekly" illustrates part of this equipment.
The chief announcer of the station will be Mr. John Creighton, who at present occupies a similar position on the Armidale station.
Mr. Small will be manager and chief engineer.
Other appointments have yet to be made.
The consulting engineer for the construction of the station was Mr. Schultz, of station 2 GB, Sydney.
Mr. A.
A. Budd is Chairman of Directors, and other members of the Board are Messrs. F. E. Nicholl, A. C. Pratt, J. Raward, and J. C. Price.

WHAT LISTENERS-IN HEARD.
The preliminary apology last evening by 4QG — the State A class temporary broadcasting station — that the work of preparing the station had had to be hurried, and asking for forbearance — paved the way for a disappointment to wireless listeners-in.
The "Courier" made special arrangements to test the reception at three different portions of Brisbane.
One of the listeners-in was "Anode," who conducts the "Courier" wireless columns.
In each instance the verdict was the same — hum of the generator too obtrusive, and microphone distortion of the human voices (giving them a very hoarse sound) so pronounced as to partly spoil the Premier's speech, and completely spoil the singing with the exception of that of Mr. Norman A. Cooling, whose numbers were sung after a 10-minute interval (from 9.1 to 9.11), when there was a slight improvement in the microphone transmission.
The instrumental music was fair to good.
"Fading" was experienced twice — once very pronounced — and on one occasion the tuning was too broad; indeed, throughout the evening it was not so fine as when tests were made on Sunday.
At one time on Sunday afternoon the modulation was remarkably good, with a noticeable absence of the hum of the generator.
The announcer's voice was not nearly so clear last night as on the preceding evening, when testing was in progress, and when the modulation was satisfactory.
No doubt, with the experience of last night as a guide, the necessary improvements will be effected.
STATION DESCRIBED.
The offices and studio of the Queensland Radio Service are situated on the second floor of the Executive Building.
One of the large departmental rooms is being utilised as a studio.
The room is draped with heavy curtains, and has heavy carpets on the floor to deaden any extraneous noises.
The amplifying panel is situated in the studio, and it is controlled by the chief engineer (Mr. F. W. Stevens), who listens in and regulates the music, speech, &amp;c., passing through the microphone to the amplifying panel.
The studio is connected by 'phone to the transmitting room, situated in the courtyard, where Mr. S. M. Newman is in charge for the time being.
He also listens-in, through the wave meter, to the item being broadcast, and thus checks the modulation.
The three cage-like structures, which form the chief part of the transmitting apparatus, consist of a rectifying unit, an oscillating unit, and a modulating unit.
The power is obtained through a rotary converter from the electric light mains, the 440 volt direct current being converted to 240 volts alternating current.
The 12½ voltage required for the filaments of the transmitting valves is secured through a stepdown transformer, whilst the 2500 voltage high tension is supplied through a stepup transformer.
The whole of the apparatus, with the exception of some of the valves, has been manufactured in Australia by Amalgamated Wireless (A'asia), Ltd.
The aerial system, mounted between two poles on the top of the building, is of the squirrel cage T type.
The station will broadcast concerts nightly, as mentioned previously in the "Courier."

Started at Medlow Bath, with 100 watts in a house on the corner of Portland and Rutland roads.
Installed by Wally Grant from 2KY, who also installed the 2LT equipment.
In 1937 the studio moved to Bligh Street in Sydney, taking programs from all six commercial stations.
Known as “The Happiness Station”.
First country station to relay a program to a city station (New Years Eve procession to 2CH in 1935).
Increased power to 1,000 watts in 1938 with a transmitter and studio at Wentworth Falls, installed by Chief Engineer G. Pollock (VH2XU).
The transmitter was wired with explosives in WWII in case the Japanese attacked.
Most programs came from the 2GZ Sydney studio during WWII.
They then moved to Katoomba above the Rural Bank, but had more listeners in Lithgow.
First station to broadcast school results despite a Government ban.
Started a listeners “Radio Service” club in the 1950s with the slogan “The Voice of the (Blue) Mountains”.
Thieves stole most of their Wentworth Falls studio equipment in October 1951.
Ward ‘Pally’ Austin (later 2UE) started his career here.
Opened a relay transmitter (1476 kHz) and studio at Penrith.
Later closed their Katoomba studio.
Bought by Mike Walsh in 1983, moving into a Penrith studio next to his cinema.
All the fish in their foyer aquarium died on their opening day.
Moved to F.M.
as “The Edge 96.1 FM” on 23 Oct 1992.
Their Wentworth Falls A.M. frequency was to become a 2LT relay.
Their Penrith transmitter became an unrelated separate service called “Cool Country 2KA” which closed on 24 Feb 2015.
Also see 2FC Emu Plains 1962.

PRAYER: “In the Bible prayer is worship that includes all attitudes of the human spirit in its approach to God.
The Christian worships God when he adores, confesses, praises and supplicates him in prayer.
This highest activity of which the human spirit is capable may also be thought of as communion with God, so long as due emphasis is laid upon divine initiative.
A man prays because God has already touched his spirit.
Prayer in the Bible is not a ‘natural response’ (Jn.
4:24).
[…] The biblical doctrine of God, the necessity of a man’s being in saving or covenant relation with him, and his entering fully with all the privileges and obligations of that relation with God.” (Douglas, 947-8).
Prayer takes on a specific and important emphasis in the Gospels.
Jesus taught much of his doctrine of prayer through the use of Parables (Lk.
11:5-8; Mt.
7:7-11; Lk.
18:1-8; Lk.
18:10-14) (Douglas, 948).
The simplicity of prayer is taught in Mt.
6:5f; 23:14; Mk12:38; Lk.
20:47 (Douglas, 949).
“[…] the basic characteristic of Christian prayer [is] a new access to the Father which Christ secures for the Christian, and prayer in harmony with the Father’s will because offered in Christ’s name.” (Douglas, 949).
On the Lord’s Prayer, “”there […] [are] six petititions [following the invocation in Mt.
6:9b] (9c-13b), of which the first three have reference to God’s name, kingdom and will, and the last three to man’s need of bread, forgiveness and victory: the prayer then closes with a doxology (13c) which contains a threefold declaration concerning God’s kingdom, power and glory.
It is ‘like this’ that Christians are bidden to pray.” (Douglas, 949).

In my opinion, it is impossible in principle to build the any organization on moral control, that is it is impossible to build the organization on the threat of use of such moral sanctions as praise or insult.
Only such small groups as family or group of friends can be built on moral control.
Quantity of members can not exceed 15 people in this small group.
Whereas quantity of members in organization can reach several thousands of people sometimes, therefore organization can be built on armed, administrative or economic control only.
The teacher was deprived of opportunity to apply any sanctions in relation of the pupil for bad behavior in Russia from 1917 and till now actually.
The teacher was deprived of the opportunity to leave of pupil for grade retention for bad estimations The teacher was deprived of opportunity to expel of pupil from school.
It is guaranteed the completed secondary education for all pupils, even when the pupil doesn't want to study and the pupil prevents to study of other pupils.
Full secondary education is guaranteed even to such pupils who cannot learn it because of their low mental abilities.
In fact, these pupils with low mental abilities or school hooligans are given false estimations and a false certificate of the school.
Only such pupils can be left on grade retention who didn't attend school at all for months.
The administration of school may dismiss the teacher for that this teacher put the many unsatisfactory estimations.
Parents may submit a complaint on teachers in higher authorities.
In fact, school teacher can not punish to pupils for bad behavior in modern Russian school.
Pupils provoke of teachers on conflict using this anarchy in school, pupils scoff of teachers, pupils break a lesson, pupils provoke that teacher beats of pupil, pupils shoot this scene on video and then pupils write the complaint on this teacher to police, that leads to the dismissal of this teacher or this teacher gets to prison even.
Сases exist when pupils beat and kill of teachers for bad estimations even.
Pupils know well their rights today and pupils declare to teacher about their rights whenever possible that teacher has no right to put the unsatisfactory estimations for bad behavior.
Administration of school requires from teachers to bring the order with discipline on lesson, but this administration does not give in hands of this teacher the possibility to apply the penalties against the infringers of school discipline.
Thus, the teacher gets into the desperate situation.
If chief of organization is deprived of opportunity to apply the sanctions in relation to the subordinates completely, then this organization begins to collapse directly in front of eyes, where the insuperable conflicts arise between the chiefs and subordinates, subordinates begin to order to chiefs.

A.B.C.
replies to E.C.W.
on Regional needs.
IN referring to a broadcast, "Christmas Cavalcade" — (4QR, 2.00/-2.30 p.m., 25/12/49), — your contributor E.C.W.
(S.M., 1/1/50) inferred that a decision had been made "down south" by which children in the country had been unreasonably deprived of a good broadcast item which was particularly intended for them.
That inference is not, I think, fair to our central programme office.
In the first place, the broadcast was designed for children, but not any more for country than for city children.
In the second place, through an unfortunate combination of circumstances, the programme department in Sydney only learned details of it at a very late stage, when any alteration to existing plans would have been especially inconvenient.
Apart from that, the Armchair Chat, which E.C.W.
somewhat contemptuously dismisses, was in itself a Christmas feature, prepared by a B.B.C.
expert in the talks field, and had been widely advertised as such.
Finally, the country listener is admittedly at a considerable disadvantage.
In the majority of cases he can receive at the best only one national and one commercial transmitter.
The more fortunately placed city dweller can hear two A.B.C.
and up to six commercial programmes.
The balance will not be fully redressed, as far as the National service is concerned, until every regional transmitter is duplicated — a vast and enormously expensive undertaking, which is not the commission's responsibility, and which is complicated by such questions as the availability of frequencies and of suitable programme channels.
A composite regional programme, selected with the greatest care, is the best expedient which can be devised, with present facilities, to cater for all the country listeners' needs, but any method of selection will inevitably cause some disappointment.
— E. K. Sholl, Queensland manager of the Australian Broadcasting Commission.

"2 novembre, matine."
– It es tot jorne.
Li bon chap ne avigilat me, diente que yo hat dormit tam pacificmen e hat obliviat mi trubles.
Yo senti me tre egoistic pro har dormit li tot nocte, ma il sembla in bon spíritu.
Ho-matine yo senti me un nov mann, e vidente le dormir, yo fa lu necessi por li motor (motor = cose con quel on move un carre, nave, etc.
), li direction e li watch.
It sembla que mi fortie e energie ha retornat.
Yo demanda me u es Mina, e Van Helsing.
Ili devet har atinget Veresti circa mercurdí midí.
Pro que on besona témpor por trovar li coche e cavalles, ili vell esser nu in li Passe Borgo.
Mey Deo guidar e auxiliar les!
Mem pensar pri les fa timore.
Si solmen noi vell posser ear plu rapidmen!
Ma li motor es ja surchargeat.
Yo pensa anc pri Dr. Seward e Sr. Morris.
Riverettes sin fine lassa li montes e intra ti-ci rivere; ili es tre litt, ma in hiverne certmen terribil.
Yo espera vider les ante Strasba, nam si noi ne va har trovat li Comto, noi va dever discusser pri quo far.

For twelve years the young man wandered from one place to another.
He always felt his right line between too much rest and too much action.
While walking, he said a mantra or thought about the meaning of life.
While sitting he meditated in silence.
He honored all the holy statues of all religions along his way.
He visualized himself as Shiva, Buddha, Jesus and father of all beings (bodhisattva).
Thus he activated his Kundalini energy.
Shiva filled him with power, Buddha gave him inner peace, Jesus helped him so sacrifice his ego, and the bodhisattva way made him living in the energy of love.
The many suffering people in the world touched him.
He did not look away, but helped them, as far as he could.
He shared his money with them and his wisdom.
He strengthened them materially and spiritually.
He became one with the joy and the pain of others.
So he grew more and more into a cosmic consciousness.
He practiced constantly positive thinking and reflecting the life.
After twelve years of persevering pilgrim awoke in him the light.
The pilgrimage to the 24 holy places opened his 24 inner gates of energy (chakras).

As with all new technologies, there is an evolution throughout the birth, growth, and maturity stages.
One can say that the implementation of the MetroCard was like implementing developed technology in an age that favored more innovative data tracking and management systems.
It is also quite surprising that the most-used transit system in the United States has taken over 20 years, or well into the maturity stage, to adopt contactless fare payment technology.
While newer metropolitan transit systems, such as WMATA in Washington, DC, were able to leverage such technology from their inception, NYC’s MTA was forced to retrofit older existing technology and infrastructure.
The introduction of the OMNY fare payment system for New York City is one of the most notable developments in the story of American public transportation.
The technological developments that have led New York City to this point in fare collection have been extensive and pose a unique challenge for a city where more than 1 billion rides are made on public transit within the city limits annually.
With the scale of this new payment system’s implementation comes a multitude of challenges that have to be addressed and solved both before the system is designed and before it is fully tested, proven, and completely operational.
Discussions about the adoption of new technology on a systemwide scale have been made within the wider New York City community, as have how these decisions will affect the way New Yorkers pay their transit fares decades to come.
But some of the most important lessons have come from how the technology has already progressed and discussions about ensuring fairness in an urban space as complicated and multifaceted as New York.
How an agency balances the pros and cons of a technical update like this is the key issue that can be observed from this development and what it does for the people who actually use the transit system.
Does it increase efficiency over the long run?
Is it a technical burden for all those involved?
Is a city like New York truly ready for a system like this?
Are we able to foresee the consequences and potential shortcomings to this technology?
Is OMNY being truly embraced by city leadership the way MetroCard was?
These questions and the lessons we can gain from the New York City experience will set a precedent for other large cities as they move from old fare collections systems to newer ones.

The Yogi felt God as unity consciousness, the Christian as universal love, the Buddhist as inner peace (no attachments), the Muslim as a great power and the atheist experience God as a higher truth.
The Muslims got the word "Allah", the Christian the word "God", the Buddhist the word "Enlightenment", the Yogi "Sat-Cit-Ananda" (unattached being-unity-bliss) and the atheist "Cosmos".
If they thought their particular word, they could immediately go back into the light.
The word was their personal key to entry into the great mystery.
Anyone who has met God, can come with the power of the memory and his personal mantra again into the state of enlightenment.
Each of the seekers kept his word as the greatest.
They were arguing about their prayers and could not agree on a verbal level.
So they decided to end their conflict and prefer to concentrate on the spiritual practice.
They lived many years together on the mountaintop.
They read in their scriptures, meditated a lot, pilgrimaged every day to the mountain summit and met once a week to a joint celebration.
Some day all arrived the permanent light.
And the great light transformed them.
They saw the light in all beings and all things of the world.
They realized that they are all brothers and sisters.
May we stop all religious wars in the world.
May we be build a golden age of love, peace and happiness on earth.

Systems dynamics suggest that learning is a process that can be acquired through making choices and learning from them.
By learning from your mistakes an individual can grow and become more able to adapt to certain circumstances.
Since systems dynamics experiment with models that can only imitate reality, it is hard to create an experimental environment to enable a successful learning atmosphere.
Some say that there is an underlined political dynamics influence that cannot be ignored by organizational learning.
The works of Crossan, Lane and White (1999) developed a model of organizational learning, which involves a four-step process.
The 4I process starts with individual learning and then graduates to group learning which ends up with organizational learning.
Crossan’s four processes included in this model are intuiting, interpreting, integrating, and institutionalizing.
Intuiting by Crossan is defined as, “the preconscious recognition of the pattern and/or possibilities inherent in a personal stream of experience” (1999:525).
Intuiting starts with the individual where they learn from their experiences and then use these experiences for future mental models.
Interpreting is explained by Crossan as, “the explaining of, through words and/or actions, of an insight or idea to one’s self and to others” (Crossan 1999:525).
Interpreting allows one to map out ideas to use in external domains.
Group level starts at the interpreting process and is explained as, “the process of developing shared understanding among individuals and of taking coordinated action through mutual adjustment” (Crossan 1999:525).
The victory of collective behavior and action is the group feel of interpretation.
Institutionalizing is described by Crossan as, “systems, structures, procedures and strategies” (Crossan 1999:525) that is the core piece of organizational learning.
A learning loop begins to form with the involvement of these four processes and take hold of the organizational learning entity.
The transformation into the institutional element of organizational learning has a definite political component as individuals deal with power in an organization and how ideas are reflected through this underlying element.

The other type of virtual dissection is interactive.
It has a little bit more to it than just clicking the forward and backward arrows.
Interactive virtual dissections are a close representation of a real dissection but on a computer instead of in a lab.
The exact details of these interactive dissections can vary.
Most of the time they are animated dissections, so they are either cartoon or computer generated pictures, but they are more than a just series of drawings.
Typically, the program has a tray of tools similar to a set of tools that would actually be used in a real dissection.
The student using the program would use the computer’s mouse to grab a tool and follow the instructions for the dissection.
Certain tools do different jobs just like in a real dissection.
When a scalpel is selected the student can click on the specimen to cut it open.
Pins and needles can be selected to pin back skin and hold the body cavity open.
When selected extractors and clamps will remove certain organs and parts for closer examination.
Depending on the depth of the dissection, the organs that the student removes could possibly be dissected also.
In this type of virtual dissection, detailed directions are given for the students to follow.
These include which tools to select, where to click on the specimen to use the tools and how to proceed to the next stage of dissection.
Detailed descriptions for the major features of the specimen are also provided for when the dissection comes to those features in the process of the dissection.

The aspect is an important property of Ukrainian verbs.
Unlike English the Ukrainian aspect is not a form of the verb.
Probably you never say "he is knowing" but formally this form is correct, any English verb may be in indefinite, continuous, or perfect form ("to do", "to be doing", "to have done", moreover "to have been doing"); in Ukrainian each verb (almost each, actually there are few unmarked verbs) is either perfective or imperfective verb.
Just like any Ukrainian noun has the gender: you can't say "he is a cow" - the cow is "she", the "bull" is "he" (N.B.
: not "it"!).
Thats why you can see in a Ukrainian dictionary two translations for one English verb.
They are actually translations for "to be doing" and "to have done".
Another important difference is that Ukrainian perfective is not English perfect, it is an "aoristic" perfective.
The imperfect verbs in Ukrainian are state-words.
Action, inactivity, periodical activity... and a result of action too.
The perfect verbs are event-words.
State changed.
And this moment when it changes is the meaning of the word.
That's why perfect verbs have not present tense!
If something is changed right now it's a state of changing, not an event.

“Ah, li marvelosi Madam Mina!
Ella possede li cerebre de un mann – un mann si il es habilissim – e li cordie de un fémina.
Li bon Deo creat la por un bon rason, crede me, quande Il creat un tam bon combination.
(combinar = far mult coses junt) Amico John, til nu li destine ha fat ti fémina auxiliar nos, ma pos ho-nocte ella deve ear su propri via.
Un dangere tam grand ne es bon por la.
Noi mannes deve destructer (destructer = far null) ti monstru, ma un fémina ne deve prender parte in it.
Mem si ella ne suffre damage corporal, damage mental es un grand possibilitá.
In plu, ella es recentmen maritat.
Deman ella va dever dir adío al labor, e noi va vader sol.” Yo consentit.
Poy yo dit le li max grand surprise: que li dom quel Dracula hat comprat esset li dom quel sequet li mi.
Il esset astonat, e por un moment monstrat regrete, diente: “Ah, si noi vell har savet it in antey!” Ma il continuat: “Támen, versat (versar = un liquide cadet) lacte (lacte = quo li infantes trinca) ne reintra li botelle.
Noi ne va pensar pri tal coses.” Poy il cadet in silentie quel continuat til li porta del dom.
Poy, ante li preparation del diné il dit a Sra.
Harker:

4.
The daily work with ones thoughts are symbolized by the spinning wheel.
Those who work on their thoughts enough will come to a point in time where the chakras open.
The spiritual energy begins to flow.
Then it’s time to emphasize meditation.
When Sleeping Beauty sleeps, it means she is meditating.
She meditates on the kundalini energy that woke her up through a prick on the finger.
In yoga it is called the bite of the kundalini snake.
A chakra in the finger or point of the toe opens through the grace of God (or a wise woman).
The enlightenment energy flows gently and continuously into the person.
It is a great blessing when such takes place.
The person is blessed with enlightenment.
Then that person needs to just wait and do their spiritual exercises regularly.
Sleeping Beauty slept for 100 years.

Biological Cognitive Enhancement is the broad term given to any artificial change in the biology or chemistry of a person that results in superior mental capabilities.
Nootropics, also called smart-drugs, are the cognitive enhancements most often used.
Some, such as Ritalin and Adderall, are used to treat behavioral disorders.
Others, such as caffeine and tobacco, are common stimulants.
Those who subscribe to the transhumanism movement look forward to the day when the use of these enhancements is widespread.
They believe even a small increase in intelligence over a large population will greatly benefit society, with an enormous decrease in poverty and increase in standards of living.
However, critics have raised ethical concerns.
If these enhancements are expensive, only the wealthiest would be able to afford them.
With increased cognitive function, those using the enhancements would presumably be able to outperform those not using them.
The gap between the wealthiest and poorest may then widen dramatically, all around the world.
On a smaller scale, some educators raise concerns about current levels of cognitive enhancement drug abuse.
Adderall, Concerta, and Ritalin in particular have been singled out as problematic.
While these drugs don't necessarily enhance intelligence, they do improve focus, allowing students to accomplish more with them than without.
Seventy years after Ritalin was first prescribed, the debate over whether taking these pills is considered cheating continues.

Now we have to use explicit typing on number2 to show that we want to convert it to a u8.
The try_into() function tries to convert it to a number and returns a type called 'Result' that indicates whether the conversion was a success.
The unwrap() means that we are going to assume the conversion was a success.
If the conversion wasn't a success i.e.
the other number isn't representable with the new number type, then the program will crash, which is called panicking in Rust.
It may seem odd to crash over a number not being converted correctly, but this is an important concept.
If something goes wrong, what do we want to do?
We have two options: abort and stop running, or continue and try to run with what we have.
However, small errors can cause unseen consequences.
Often programs rely on values or numbers being as we expect.
If we use 'as' for our conversions, we could easily get strange unintended results which cause bugs much further down the program, which are very hard to track down.
Instead we often want to just crash and be able to determine that there is a bug and where it occured, allowing us to fix the bug.
Only in extremely rare circumstances do we want to rely on the strange behaviour of 'as' when the numbers don't fit.

Correspondence.
LOCAL BROADCAST RECEPTION.
(To the Editor).
Sir,— In a recent issue of your journal I noticed a statement relating to the fact that radio broadcast reception in Scone was subject at times to severe interference, and in a subsequent discussion with certain enthusiastic broadcast listeners it was suggested that some experimenter was causing the trouble.
I crave space to say a few words on the matter.
So far as I know, at the present I happen to be the only holder of an experimental license endorsed for transmitting in this locality, and as such, naturally, suspicion may be centred on me.
I would like to state, however, that it is quite impossible for any transmission tests I have carried out lately to have caused this trouble.
My present tests are being conducted on approximately 32.7 metres and 21.3 metres, and I use a circuit in my transmitter which is practically the last word in control of wave length, in other words, sharpness in tuning, and signals from the transmitter cannot possibly be picked up by my own broadcast receiver situated 15 feet from the transmitter, even when using a Morse key in the circuit.
In any case the times given me relating to this interference do not coincide with the times in my log book concerning my tests, when I was operating.
What I would suggest, Mr. Editor, if the miscreant cannot be induced by other means to stop this nuisance is for some local B.C.L.
to make a complaint either to the Post Office officials, or direct to Mr. W. T. S. Crawford, Chief Radio Inspector for New South Wales, Sydney, and they will take action which will make this interferer sorry.
I write strongly on this matter, because, in the first place, no experimenter should interfere with broadcast reception from a sense of fair play, and again, because there is a very heavy penalty attached, but also because we amateur experimenters have obtained very hardly earned privileges, and are very apt to get the blame for others' misdeeds, and so lose what few privileges we have left.
Trusting, Mr. Editor, that someone in Scone will take action in this matter, and assuring you that I will assist in any possible way.— Yours, etc., T. K. ABBOTT, Owner and Operator Amateur Station OA—2TK.

In the footnote to his statement, Wallace wrote, "Since the MS. of this article left my hands, I have seen Dr. Carpenter's letter in the "Athenæum" of June 16th, withdrawing the charges founded on the declaration of Mrs. Culver, which, it seems, Dr. Carpenter obtained from no less of an authority than Mr. Maskelyne!
the great conjuror and would-be "exposer" of spiritualism.
He still, however, maintains the validity of the explanation of the "raps" by Professor Flint and his coadjutors, who are said to have proved that persons who have "trained themselves to the trick," can produce an "exact imitation" of these sounds.
This "exact imitation" is just what has never been proved, and the fact that a "training" is admitted to be required, does not explain a sudden occurrence of these sounds as soon as the Fox family removed temporarily to the house at Hydesville.
If Dr. Carpenter would refer to better and earlier authorities than Mr. Maskelyne and M. Louis Figuier, he would learn several matters of importance.
He would find that Professors Flint, Lee, and Coventry, after one hasty visit to the mediums, published their explanation of the "raps" in a letter to the "Buffalo Commercial Advertiser," dated February 17th, 1851, before making the investigation on the strength of which they issued their subsequent report, which, therefore, loses much of its value since it interprets all the phenomena in accordance with a theory to which the reporters were already publicly committed.
On this scanty evidence we are asked to believe that two girls, one of them only nine years old, set up an imposture which for a long time brought them nothing but insult and abuse, subjected their father to public rebuke from his minister, and made their mother seriously ill; and that they have continuously maintained the same for nearly thirty years, and in all this long period have never once been actually detected.
But there are facts in the early history of these phenomena which demonstrate the falsehood of this supposition, but which Dr. Carpenter, as usual, does not know, or, if he knows does not make public.
These facts are, firstly, that two previous inhabitants of the House at Hydesville testified to having heard similar noises in it; and, secondly, that on the night of March 31st, 1848, Mrs. Fox and the children left the house, Mr. Fox only remaining, and that during all night and the following night, in presence of a continual influx of neighbours the "raps" continued exactly the same as when the two girls were present.
This crucial fact is to be found in all the early records, and it is surprising that it can have escaped Dr. Carpenter, since it is given in so popular a book as Mr. R. Dale Owen's "Footfalls on the Boundary of Another World" (p. 209).
Mr. Owen visited the spot, and obtained a copy of the depositions of twenty-one of the neighbours, which was drawn up and published a few weeks after the events.
This undisputed fact, taken in connection with the great variety of sounds--varying from taps, as with a knitting-needle, to blows as with a cannon-ball or sledge-hammer--and the conditions under which they occur--as tested by Mr. Crookes and the Dialectical Committee, completely and finally dispose of the "joint and tendon" theory as applicable to the ascertained facts.
What, therefore, can be the use of continually trying to galvanise into life this thoroughly dead horse, along with its equally dead brother the table-turning "indicator"?"

Video calls have played a major part in science fiction for decades.
They were a major part of the film 2001: A Space Odyssey, and many other films and TV shows of that genre.
Now, video chatting capabilities are found as standard on most desktops, and mobile devices.
On of the most well known programs, and the program that pioneered video chatting, is Microsoft’s Skype.
In recent years, Skype has been joined by Apple’s Facetime, and a video chat program embedded in Google Hangouts.
Skype is compatible with Microsoft, Mac, and Linux computers, and there is and app for mobile devices.
Facetime however, is only available on Apple devices, although the company has promised to make it compatible with other devices at some point.
Google Hangouts, being a part of Google online app suite, is available as long as the user is able to access the Internet.
There are other free source programs, but these three are the most common and the most trusted by security programs.
Some free source options that now have become very popular is Facebook's Messenger App and WhatsApp; these are both available for download on most smartphones.
Video chatting was touted as a futuristic ideal, but in recent years, this has not held true.
Video chatting use has decline in favor of texting and online testing apps.
These may be the future as opposed to video chatting.

Playing online doesn't simply mean being able to play video games against other users.
PlayStation 3 also offers a wide array of features such as a web browser and other downloadable content.
Being able to surf the web allows users to buy content online.
This is extremely revolutionary in the gaming world because now this PlayStation can go online allowing Sony to compete online in a whole new way.
One can even plug in a keyboard using a usb connection to surf the web in an easier fashion.
The network uses a interface known as XMB (Xross Media Bar) which allows the user to download games, chat with other players, and download music.
This is also a standard that the xbox uses although the PS3 seems to work a lot easier since the interface complements the actual internet, which helps the users download without too much confusion.
The PS3 is extremely versatile which allows Sony to create new improvements even after the PS3 is released.
This is a chart that will help compare the PS3 and Xbox features.
A brand new improvement is the virtual PlayStation Move.
It combines the PlayStation, a camera, and a motion controller which allows players to simulate the actual game play inside their homes (similar to the WII).
The controller even has a sphere attached to the end that will change colors depending on which game you are playing.
The WII has made this motion sensor a standard but now the PS3 and Xbox 360 has figured out how to incorporate that style of game play into their consoles.

Mythology is common to most people.
Because of this they are as varied as the cultures which invented them.
Some defining features do connect them, however.
Most have an underlying theme.
A story with no meaning or purpose could hardly stand the test of time to survive as mythology.
However, the beauty of this genre lies in its freedom.
Each story that has been passed down through the generations is open to individual interpretation.
They are refreshed with every new era.
T. H. White’s The Once and Future King, telling the story of King Arthur, took most of its inspiration from Malory’s Le Morte D’Arthur written 400 years earlier.
It, in turn, had brought together different stories from much older books and poems.
Myths and Legends are being constantly adapted to keep up with current culture and this is what defined their nature.
The film Troy (2004), The Alexander series of novels by Valerio Massimo Manfredi, and much more popular literature are stories thousands of years old.
Without doubt, they will be retold time and time again.

The Car.
An entire system in its own right.
The many uses of the automobile have given rise to many forms.
The many makers of cars have each added their own style to these forms.
Even car owners have done much to make even more variations.
Form follows function, and the functions required of a car determine the design parameters and constraints on the car as a whole and every single part of its construction.
Although many different cars have been created to do many different things, and some cars have been created to do many things themselves, across the wide diversity of car uses, shapes, and sizes, most of them have evolved into having very similar systems making up their construction.
Imagine a Formula 1 race car parked next to a new Sport Utility Vehicle.
The differences are immediately and strikingly obvious.
Under the skin, deep within the arrangement of interconnected parts, the 2 vehicles still have quite a lot in common.
Even specific systems such as the suspension, are dramatically different in appearance and construction, yet each performs the same functions on both vehicles.
Both cars use a reciprocating combustion engine.
They both feature hydraulically operated braking systems.

Lots of prayer potions, (I used about 25 at 100 combat).
Plenty of good food, lobsters at the least.
Stat restore potions (about 10 should do it).
Ectophial or elf crystal (one click teleport).
Plenty of runes for teleporting around.
Plenty of runes for high level elemental spells (death or blood).
Antipoison potions, lots of energy potions.
Rings of life.
Good armor (rune and above).
Good magic armor (mystic would be good).
Prayer boosting armor (initiate or monk's robes).
Range armor (dragonhide).

Li navero apreciat li compliment (complimentar = dir "tu es bell, inteligent, etc.")
e continuat: “Pos li Bosphorus li mannes comensat plendir; li Rumanos inter les petit me jettar un grand buxe trans bord quel un strangi-aspectent mann hat plazzat in li nave.
Yo conosset les, e lor supersticies.
Ridicul (ridicul = risibil) forenos!
Ma strax li nebul revenit, e anc yo sentit alquo strangi o supersticiosi, benque yo ne credet que it esset li grand buxe.
Bon, talmen noi continuat durant alquant dies, solmen nebul e vente, quam si li diábol continuat voler que noi mey hastar nos.
Li aqua esset sempre profund e bon, e ante du dies quande li sole matinal penetrat (penetrar = ear tra) li nebul, noi esset in li rivere vis-a-vis (vis-a-vis = contra, facie a facie) Galatz.
Li Rumanos esset foll, e volet que yo jetta li buxe trans bord, sin egarda a omnicos.
Yo victet li argument con un ver lucta fisical, e yo convictet les que diabolic o ne diabolic, on posse fider me con su merces.
Ili hat ja aportat li buxe sur bord, e yo videt que sur it esset scrit til Galatz via Varna, e pensat que yo vell plazzar it alcú in li portu e lassar it ta.
Ma li sam matine un mann venit con un papere scrit de Anglia por reciver un buxe por un Comto Dracula.
Omnicos esset in órdine, e yo esset tre felici lassar it ta, nam li buxe esset vermen li just merce por li diábol self!”

The equipment that manages the link's working rules is called a "router.
At times other terminology is used for the data handling equipment.
Strictly speaking, units that convert between line frequencies and digital signals should be called modems.
Sometimes the word hub" is also heard; it is the process that time-multiplexes (distributes) the digital stream among the various computers.
The "hub" also handles the wireless channels.
However, because most manufacturers combine the "modem", the "router", and the "hub" into one unit, for example in the BT Home Hubs, the terminology has become somewhat blurred.
In any case, the router is connected to line via the filter using an ADSL cable, with an RJ11 plug at both ends.
A router yellow socket is connected to a computer's Ethernet socket by using a cable with an RJ45 plug at both ends.
Figure 2 shows a typical router's socket panel.
Note that not all computers connect to their modems with a cable.
An increasing number of PCs make the connection with "wifi" in much the same way as would a laptop.
In this latter "wifi" case the router would be located beside the incoming cable and the PC could be virtually anywhere in the room.

A commonly used cable today is Ethernet cable.
You are probably most familiar with its use involving the internet in your home, mostly going from your modem, to another computer of to a Wi-Fi router.
However, the use of Ethernet cable has been instrumental in the changing would of technical theatre.
Before its introduction, the most common computer cables used in theatre were DMX and XLR, for lighting and sound respectively.
The issue with this is that each cable can only carry the information for one device, be that a microphone or light.
In addition, if these cables are stored improperly, they can corrupt the information being transmitted.
Ethernet is much smaller, and can transmit far more data.
Also, there is less of a danger regarding storing cable.
Ethernet, combined with new operating system and equipment, has made things far more efficient.
For example, an analog board must have one XLR cable go to each microphone, so if you wanted to run 40 microphones, you must have 40 channels available on your soundboard.
Also, the size of a cable with 40 smaller lines inside it can reach a one-inch diameter, and can weigh several hundred pounds.
Now, a digital soundboard can control up to 100 microphones on a single Ethernet cable.

If an engineer does something first, they are instantly a temporary expert.
This can be very seductive.
For example, suppose an engineer figures out how to make the first keyboard extension cable without blowing up the motherboard or power supply.
What is the next step for the engineer?
Make keyboard extension cables forever?
No.
Hide the information for making the keyboard extension cable and demand a higher salary?
No.
Patent the information and form a company?
Perhaps, but this often entails giving up engineering.
The engineering ethic is to work one's way out of any perceived job by creating a job for someone else.
The engineering ethic is that an engineer works from project to project.

There are several points of differing interpretations within Christian Theology about the actual creation narrative itself.
The first debate begins within the very first word of the very first verse: Bereshith.
The problem arises in the interpretation of the translation.
Whereas, it could be translated "In a beginning" (using an indefinite article - one of many), most scholars will translate it as "In the Beginning" (definite article and therefore the unique story).
This may not seem like a big issue until one moves to the second verse and deals with the translation of the Hebrew word, Hayathah.
There are two legitimate translations of this word, which are, "It was" and "It became".
If one goes with the former translation, it is clear that this is interpreted as one creation that simply continues the narrative of verse one and translates Bereshith as "In the Beginning".
If one goes with the latter translation, then this would open the possibility for many different creations and the Gap theory, and would continue the narrative of verse one which translates Bereshith as "In a Beginning".
While, the Gap Theorists will point to many creation stories in the ancient world outside of the Jewish narrative as evidence of many creations, proponents of one creation will state that the context of the narrative does not lend itself to a Gap Theory.
The primary context of the narrative is not to tell us how many creations there were, but rather, that God is the one who created the beginning and was the one who was before time (eternal).
It further states that the context is to tell us about the beginning of man, sin, God' covenant, and God's law, and God's redemption of sinful man.
The purpose of the writers of Genesis has always been to define 'right' and wrong' interactions (bestowing blessings and sins), how we humans may 'justly' reward and punish each other during our lives, and how (post mortem) we will ourselves eventually receive divine justice calculated and delivered 'fairly and utterly' by a unique and omnipotent God who has an exact record of our every passing moment.

The Mononobe clan held the hereditary title of O-Muraji 大連.
This title is the counterpart to the O-Omi title held by the Otomo clan and then the Soga clan, and the two together were the senior "ministers" of the government, such as it was.
There were also families whose title was simply Omi or Muraji.
Nearly all of the families bearing the Omi title had names that were originally place names, and they controlled specific territories in the Kinai region.
Well known examples are Kazuraki, Heguri, Wani, Kose, Ki, and, later Soga.
Nearly all of these also claimed descent from some member of the ruling clan.
The implication is, if we accept the Horse Rider theory, that these all had ancestors who were among the invaders, members of Ojin's extended family.
The muraji families, on the other hand, all had names that were occupational titles.
Imbe 忌部 (handler of ceremonies), Yuke 弓削 (bow maker), Kagamitsukuri 鏡作 (mirror maker), Haji 土師 (pottery maker), Tsumori 津守 (security guard), Inukai 犬飼 (kennel master), and, of course, Mononobe (blacksmith).
Curiously, the O-Omi Otomo family also has a name that is an occupation, though their occupation was a special one tomo "soldier", preceded by the great "O" implying that they were not ordinary soldiers but commanders.
All of these clans were aristocrats, so it is assumed that the muraji family names meant that they commanded groups of artisans without doing that kind of work themselves.
Their status was definitely lower than the "omi" clans, however, and they were forbidden from marrying into the ruling clan.

Before these expeditions could get started, however, there was a major crisis in the form of a "rebellion" by a person who is identified as a half-brother of Sujin.
This led to a pitched battle between armies.
Archaeologists have been struck by the fact that the site of the battle was in the southern part of Yamashiro province in exactly the area occupied by the third ruler-class tomb of Early Kofun 1.
This tomb does not (traditionally) have a Yamato ruler in it.
The most logical suggestion is that Sujin was not the original leader of the invasion from Kyushu and that there was a struggle over control of the new state.
That would help explain Hashihaka, the third large tomb, which is 20 years older than Sujin's tomb.
Nihon Shoki says that this tomb holds Sujin's aunt, who could forsee the future and who was married to a god.
One must consider it possible then, that in the original conquest there was still a female ruler and it only shifted to a male ruler when she died.
However, it is wise not to put too much trust in anything said by Nihon Shoki.
It says that she committed suicide by stabbing herself with a chopstick, which is why the tomb is called Hashihaka, "hashi" being the Japanese name for chopsticks.
Unfortunately, hashi were not adopted by the Japanese until around the time Nihon Shoki was written.
Before then the Japanese ate with their fingers, as pointed out by the Chinese who visited Yamatai.

STATE RADIO LICENCES.
Increase to 59,462 in May.
Broadcast listeners' licences in force in Western Australia at the end of May reached the impressive total of 59,462, despite the abnormally heavy number of cancellations — 553.
New listeners secured 1,513 licences during May and renewals numbered 4,647.
One new free licence was granted and 22 were renewed.
The net increase of West Australian licences for May was 960.
Disappointment at the dilatory fashion in which a great many listeners renewed their licences was expressed by the Senior Radio Inspector (Mr. G. A. Scott) yesterday.
Among last month's cancellations, he said, there was doubtless a considerable number of licences that would ultimately be renewed.
Notwithstanding reminders by the radio branch three weeks before as well as after the due date, a growing number of people was failing to effect a renewal in the prescribed time.
During April court proceedings had been instituted against 70 people who were using radio sets with out the necessary licence.
The figures for last month would also be considerable and new prosecutions were being under taken.

MACKAY AERIAL EXPEDITION.
Mr. D. B.
Knock, who designed the radio equipment for both the 'plane and ground stations of the Mackay Aerial Expedition, which is operating in Central Australia, stated yesterday that the message from the expedition, published yesterday, that there had been a "wireless breakdown" might create a wrong impression.
It had been stated that there had been a breakdown in the transformer.
This was not the case, as no transformer was used in the 'plane installation.
What apparently had occurred was that the 12-volt 35 ampere accumulator, which, besides being used for wireless purposes, supplied instrument lighting, landing lights, and was also used as a starter battery for the two engines of the 'plane, had been subjected to too great a strain.
Mr. Ferguson, of Tanami, had expressed the opinion to him that the transmitter valve filaments must have been left switched on accidentally for some time.
If this was the case, it was quite obvious that the light duty accumulator could not be expected to stand up for long.
Mr.
Knock said he was satisfied that no trouble would normally develop with the dynamotor.
He felt that an extra 6-volt accumulator should have been carried, as he had advised before the expedition left Sydney.

Since the commencement of broadcasting in Australia in November 1923, the Postmaster-General's Department had specified operations in terms of wavelength in integral multiples of one metre.
The 1927 Washington Conference expressed a preference for use of kilocycles per second (now kiloHertz).
Implementation of the preference took some little time in Australia.
The Annual Report of the Postmaster-General's Department for the year ended 30 June 1930 was the last (and only) to list stations in terms of wavelength.
The station list in the Annual Report for the year ended 30 June 1931 (and all subsequent) were stated in terms frequency and also solely multiples of 5 kHz.
The public were even slower to accept kilocycles per second and use of wavelengths was predominant in newspapers until after the second World War.
The impact upon 6ML was minimal, but should be recorded.
At the time of 6ML's commencement the allocated wavelength was 297 metres equivalent to 1010.1 kHz.
At some time around the end of 1930, the local radio inspectors would have been assessing 6ML's operation against the new 5 kHz raster frequency of exactly 1010.0 kHz.
Practical effect would have been minimal even with 6ML's crystal controlled main oscillator was also temperature controlled and frequency stability within a few tens of Hertz would have been readily achieved.
PMG records of the era show that the majority of broadcast station were without crystal control and drifted +/- several kHz.

The tax revenue is given by the shaded area, which is obtained by multiplying the tax per unit by the total quantity sold Qt.
The tax incidence on the consumers is given by the difference between the price paid Pc and the initial equilibrium price Pe.
The tax incidence on the sellers is given by the difference between the initial equilibrium price Pe and the price they receive after the tax is introduced Pp.
In Figure C05 025 (a), the tax burden falls disproportionately on the sellers, and a larger proportion of the tax revenue (the shaded area) is due to the resulting lower price received by the sellers than by the resulting higher prices paid by the buyers.
The example of the tobacco excise tax could be described by Figure C05 025 (b) where the supply is more elastic than demand.
The tax incidence now falls disproportionately on consumers, as shown by the large difference between the price they pay, Pc, and the initial equilibrium price, Pe.
Sellers receive a lower price than before the tax, but this difference is much smaller than the change in consumers’ price.
From this analysis one can also predict whether a tax is likely to create a large revenue or not.
The more elastic the demand curve, the easier it is for consumers to reduce quantity instead of paying higher prices.
The more elastic the supply curve, the easier it is for sellers to reduce the quantity sold, instead of taking lower prices.
In a market where both the demand and supply are very elastic, the imposition of an excise tax generates low revenue.

All those examples should look familiar to you.
If you want the first item in the list just look at index 0.
The second item is index 1 and so on through the list.
However what if you want the last item in the list?
One way could be to use the codice_1 function like codice_2.
This way works since the codice_1 function always returns the last index plus one.
The second from the last would then be codice_4.
There is an easier way to do this.
In Python the last item is always index -1.
The second to the last is index -2 and so on.
Here are some more examples:

5.
Healing = We rub our hands in front of the heart chakra and ask the enlightened Masters (God) for help.
"Om all enlightened Masters.
Om inner wisdom.
Please guide and help me on my way."
We now can make a question of healing.
We hear the answer inside.
What is your problem?
What is your healing question?
What is the answer of your inner wisdom?
What solves the problem?

Socrates (469 B.C.
- 399 B.C.
), Plato (427 B.C.
- 347 B.C.
), and Aristotle (384 B.C.
- 322 B.C.)
are three of the most famous Greek philosophers.
Plato was a student of Socrates and Aristotle was a student of Plato.
These three were probably the greatest thinkers of their time.
Aristotle's views on physical science profoundly shaped medieval scholarship and his influence extended into the Renaissance (14th century).
Aristotle's opinions were the authority on nature until well into the 1300s.

This great voice speaking is the voice of God.
He holds the vials of wrath and gives them to his messengers for them to carry out his wrath.
This first bowl is poured onto the earth (land) signaling the first of the final phases of God's wrath, and it affects man directly.
The people affected with this bowl are those who have worshipped the Beast, thus they are punished with horrible sores.
These people have rejected God and all his teachings and their time of judgement has come.
They are punished with these ugly and painful sores for their misdoings.
Many experts relate this first bowl's plague to the sixth plague put onto the Egyptians.
In Exodus 6, the Egyptians and their animals suffer from horrible boils to threaten the life of the Egyptians.
However, the purposes of the sores that God sends appears to be unparalleled suffering.
The sores serve to warn the people who have not given themselves over to Satan.
It is a call telling the people to surrender their lives to the Lord.

Memoir is a specific type of narrative.
It is autobiographical in nature but it is not meant to be as comprehensive as biography (which tells the "entire" life story of a person).
Instead, a memoir is usually only a specific "slice" of one's life.
The time span within a memoir is thus frequently limited to a single memorable event or moment, though it can also be used to tell about a longer series of events that make up a particular period of one's life (as in Cameron Crowe's film memoir "Almost Famous").
It is narrative in structure, usually describing people and events that ultimately focuses on the emotional significance of the story to the one telling it.
Generally, this emotional significance is the result of a resolution from the conflict within the story.
Though a memoir is the retelling of a true account, it is not usually regarded as being completely true.
After all, no one can faithfully recall every detail or bit of dialogue from an event that took place many years ago.
Consequently, some creative license is granted by the reader to the memoirist recounting, say, a significant moment or events from his childhood some thirty years or more earlier.
(However, the memoirist who assumes too much creative license without disclosing that fact is vulnerable to censure and public ridicule if his deception is found out, as recently happened with James Frey and his alleged memoir, A Million Little Pieces.")
Furthermore, names of people and places are often changed in a memoir to protect those who were either directly or indirectly involved in the lives and/or event(s) being described.

The hard drive of your computer has a rather simple interface.
It only accepts commands like "read block no.
550923 and put it in memory address 0x0021A400".
Suppose you are editing a piece of text and want to save it on the disk.
Using block numbers (addresses) to identify pieces of data, like your text, is awkward: not only would you have to tell your program where to save the file using raw block numbers, you would have to make sure that these blocks aren't already being used for family photos, your music collection, or even your system's kernel.
To solve this, files were introduced.
A file is an area of the disk which stores data and which has a name (like "example.txt").
Files are organized in collections called directories.
Directories can contain other directories, in a tree-like structure.
Each file can be uniquely identified by a "path," which describes its place in the directory hierarchy.
For the remainder of this section, it will be assumed that you are familiar with files, directories, and paths.

The countries of ASEAN began to warm up to Vietnam, and in 1989 Hanoi began to consider becoming a member of ASEAN.
Indonesia hinted that it could take the diplomatic lead in rapprochement with Vietnam, because relations between Jakarta and Hanoi had remained warm despite the Cambodian crisis, based on a shared distrust of China and a shared history of anticolonial struggles.
Hanoi made several diplomatic overtures to Indonesian and Thai officials, hinting that Vietnam desired to join ASEAN.
Thai officials commented that Vietnam's political ideology should pose no serious threat to membership so long as Vietnam accepted ASEAN's basic principles: the Bali Treaty, the creation of a Southeast Asian zone of peace, freedom, and neutrality, and the avoidance of the use of force to resolve conflict.
Philippines Foreign Secretary Raul Manglapus visited Hanoi in 1988 and suggested that Hanoi sign the Bali treaty as a "significant step" toward ASEAN membership.
However, Malaysia and Singapore diplomats remained reserved on Vietnam's potential membership.
All member states agreed that a solution to the Cambodian question would predate any serious action toward admitting Vietnam.
For Singapore, this hesitation could have been economically based, because Singapore enjoyed significant trade (ten times the level of Thailand) with Vietnam.
Closer relations with others might mean Vietnam would shift its trade routes through Thailand or Indonesia, away from the trade-centered city-state.
Indeed, when Vietnam invaded Cambodia in 1978, the crisis provided a need for cohesion and coordination among ASEAN countries.
As political hegemony shifted toward economic development in Indochina, rifts developed within ASEAN as competition for the virgin markets of Vietnam, Cambodia, and Laos increased.

The cerebral cortex has many functions and is divided up into numerous separate processors.
The most important function of the cortex from the point of view of consciousness studies is that it creates models.
As was seen in Part I, philosophers debate whether these models are actually experienced consciously but in the neurophysiological literature it is normally assumed that we do experience models and rehearsals such as inner speech and imaginings.
There is considerable evidence that the parts of the brain that deal with imagining (modelling) things are also the parts that deal with perception (i.e.
: modelling the world).
The overlap between imagination and normal perception is not complete because, as Tong(2003), in a review of visual consciousness, put it: "Internally generated experiences share some, but not all, of the phenomenal properties of actual perception".
There is also considerable overlap between the areas used for imaginary speech (thought) and actual speech, areas dealing with the control of sensation and of the tongue etc.
being used in actual speech but not in imagined speech (Fu "et al."
2002).
Kreiman "et al."
(2000) investigated the activity of single neurons in humans and also found that the brain activity evoked by visual imagination overlapped that which occurs upon direct stimulation by the same image.

To clear the Columbus panel right-left click inside the Current Object reference.
The panel returns to a minimal size.
Press the [back] button to return to 'obj1'.
Now, set a new reference by dropping a gadget into the reference.
Middle-right click on the border of any gadget you would like to inspect.
The mouse pointer changes to a flat hand.
Release the mouse buttons on top of the reference.
The Columbus panel now shows information about the dropped gadget.
The other way to set a new object is to copy over (left-middle click) a selected gadget into the reference.
Now, close the Columbus panel and click on the following command.

LOCAL AND GENERAL. . . . At the fortnightly meeting of the Launceston branch of the Australian Natives' Association held last night, the president (Mr C. P. Wilson) occupied the chair.
Two new members were elected, one being received by clearance from the Brunswick branch in Victoria.
It was resolved to accept the invitation of St. John's Young Men's Club for a return rifle match, to take place at their schoolroom on Tuesday, the 31st inst.
A sub-committee was appointed to arrange all details.
The syllabus item was supplied by Mr A. Harold Masters, who delivered a most instructive lecture on "Wireless telegraphy."
He went to considerable trouble in arranging the lecture, and fitted up the Mechanics' class-room with the necessary instruments, the manipulation of which he concisely explained.
Assisted by Mr Frank Smith he also showed lantern slides of the different Marconi stations and instruments in use, also the alphabet.
Mr Masters demonstrated how messages were transmitted and at the close of his address was accorded a hearty vote of thanks.
There was a crowded attendance of the public, and members of the branch also attended fairly well.
It was without doubt an instructive evening and was one of the most enjoyable syllabus items that has been arranged by this branch.

RADIO CLUB NOTES.
(By "Electron.")
The members of this club spent a very instructive evening on Monday, when, instead of the usual meeting at the Gordon Club, they visited the amateur experimental station, 4CK, owned and operated by the secretary (Mr. E. L. Norris).
The low loss short wave receiver brought in a few "U" stations and several Australian and New Zealand amateurs.
Broadcasters were heard on a loop aerial wilh two valves.
The transmitter was explained and a little two-way working demonstrated.
Technical discussion of various subjects protracted the meeting until a late hour.
Mr. C. Walker, 4CU, of Clifton, has his transmitter in working order and has been logged by several local amateurs.
His transmission is reported as very fair.
Stations 4BN, 4CF, and 4EG all put over excellent pro-grammes during the weekend.

When delving deep into the transition from Web 1.0 and Web 2.0, it is important to understand what differentiates the two versions in order to fully comprehend their usages.
These differences can be detected in a variety of areas such as, "technological (scripting and presentation technologies used to render the site and allow user interaction); structural (purpose and layout of the site); and sociological (notions of friends and groups)” (Cormode &amp; Krishnamurthy, 2008).
Beginning with the technological and structural aspect of Web 2.0.
The level of sophistication between current and beginning websites is easy to see when looking at the technological and structural aspect.
Rather than going through code as would have been the norm in the years of Web 1.0, Web 2.0 has easy ways to make websites and engage on online platforms as seen with businesses such as Wix.
Wix allows users to easily make websites without the difficulty and hassle of using code, this in turn further emphasizes Web 2.0’s ability to provide easy to use and accessible tools for its users to utilize.
The ideas of the sociological factors are arguably the most profound change that occurred during the transition from Web 1.0 to Web 2.0.
Sites such as and have revolutionized the idea of connecting with friends and staying connected to them.
The use of instant messaging that was pioneered by sites such as and has introduced a level of connectivity never seen in the world before.
In conclusion, Web 2.0 can not only be seen as a departure from Web 1.0 but also a departure from how the world itself worked before the advent of Web 2.0.

American philosopher Charles Sanders Pierce differed from Saussure, he stated that there are three kinds of signs; symbols, icons, and indices.
Symbols are something that only comes to designate a referent by common use (Pierce Edition Project, 1998).
There is no causal link of what it signifies and there does not have to be a physical object.
An icon stands for an object which resembles it and not just through a common use.
An example of an icon is an emoji or a map.
Photographs can also be icons.
The indices are the logical relationships with what it represents in reality.
An example, smoke is an index of fire.
When we see smoke we associate it with fire.
We learn all these meanings of symbols, indices, and icons through social interactions or observations of our surroundings.

There are studies that focus on investigating specific aspects of self-regulation strategies implemented by learners in computer-based learning environments.
Cutumisu et al.
(2015) in their study investigated the effectiveness of the strategies “seeking negative feedback” and “revision” to the learning outcomes, for primary school students using a learning application named Posterlet.
This learning environment enables students to design posters for a school’s Fun Fair.
The learning objectives accommodated with this resource is for the students to learn principles and practices of effective poster design (optimal graphical and textual characteristics).
The component for capturing that specific learning behavior is embedded as a feature to the learning environment.
In particular, the learners design a poster using the several tools provided by the environment and then receive feedback on their product, in the form of positive (I like…) or negative (I don’t like…) comments by animal – agents (see also Figure 9).
The system captures two learning choices made by the students, the number of times a student chose the negative feedback option and the number of times a student revised his / her product.
The data collected were strictly numerical.
No measurement of the quality of revisions (whether the students’ revisions were directed by the feedback they received by the system) had been made during the study.

Roosevelt was President from the beginning of World War II until one month before the surrender of German forces.
During this time, Roosevelt’s focus switched from the New Deal to emerging victorious in the war, aware that incorporating the entire population into the war effort would not only help the economy but, if successful, solidify America's position as a global superpower, “‘Dr.
New Deal’... was being replaced by ‘Dr.
win-the-war.” Although Roosevelt’s New Deal policy did not achieve economic success, World War II was the event that would stimulate the economy in a way it hadn't been in a long time.
The boom created by the production and purchase of war time goods would eventually transform the structure of industry in the United States and allow the country to pull out of its financial crisis.
During the period of World War II unemployment decreased to a mere 1.2%, by 1944.
In terms of his contributions to the war effort Roosevelt was essential in solidifying and mediating the relations and alliance between himself, Churchill and Stalin.
On the 1st of January 1942 Roosevelt and Churchill officially enacted the "Declaration by United Nations" forming an international alliance of over 25 countries to oppose the tri-alliance of Germany, Japan and Italy.
Roosevelt also promised the United States would act as a reserve both financially and for artillery shipping fifty-three billion dollars in war-goods to Britain and Russia as well as appointing Eisenhower to lead the majority of the American attack strategies.
Roosevelt realized the benefits of the United States playing a big part in World War II, and he also recognized that America would have to act as economic guarantor of the new world order.

So and a bit about legal-rational authority.
So the argument is—right?--that there are various ways how laws or norms can be established.
And well he said, legal authority rests on the acceptance of the following ideas.
Right?
Well, the norms, he said, can be established by agreement—that's what we usually think when we think about rule of law—or by imposition; it can be imposed on people.
Right?
And it can happen on the ground of expediency.
It can happen because these are the most useful laws and therefore we either agree that this is what we want to obey, or there is an authority which they impose on us.
Or it can be based on value rationality.
It may not be that expedient, may be not necessarily immediately useful, but on the basis of shared values, or the values of those who impose those laws—and we tend to believe it—we will—this is the way how it will be established.

In 2009, the Justice Department reported on the implementation of PRO-IP Act in its first year.
There were a variety of prosecutions in the protection of health and safety.
One defendant was imprisoned for trafficking over $400,000 worth of counterfeit pharmaceuticals.
These tablets, when consumed with alcohol, caused symptoms such as abdominal cramps, nausea, vomiting and headaches.
In another case, New York resident was incarcerated for trafficking more than a half a million tubes of counterfeit toothpaste, which contained microorganisms and diethylene glycol, a chemical used as a coolant in brake fluids.
The most severe of these prosecutions included imprisonment for Kevin Xu of Texas, who trafficked counterfeit cancer drugs, which included less active ingredients than indicated on the labels.
The ability to seize these counterfeit products enabled the government to protect citizen health.
In commercial counterfeiting online, the Department of Justice reported the operation of forty websites that generated $800,000 selling counterfeit software online.
A ring of defendants was also guilty of selling counterfeit software on eBay valued at more than $25 million.
Over the course of about six years, another defendant sold pirated tele-radiological software to hospitals and outpatient facilities.

Always Remember Me allows a teacher to discuss social oppression of the past while keeping in a historically accurate manner.
This book lends itself to multiple points in which the teacher can ask poignant questions that could spark an interesting discussion.
When the teacher reads the book she can stop at any point to ask her students about their own families and their own family traditions and stories.
This will help the students to relate to the story before the difficult material is introduced.
When Oma shifts to talking about Nazi Germany, the teacher needs to stop to figure out how much her students know about the Nazi party to ensure that all of her student will gain an equal understanding of the book.
She could also ask her students if they think it is fair that one group of people were targeted.
The teacher should ask the students how they would feel if they were not allowed to do something because of a characteristic that they had no control over.
The teacher should then ask the students if they could imagine a place where the laws enforced the discrimination to such an extreme.
This is going to affect the students strongly because traditionally they have learned that laws are here to help us and to protect everyone.
It may be the first time the students learn that laws can have a negative effect on people.

Similarly, at the Genoa protests in 2001 the mainstream media presented the protesters as violent even though it was the state who killed one of them and hospitalised many thousands more.
The presence of police agent provocateurs in creating the violence was unmentioned by the media.
As Starhawk noted afterwards, in Genoa "we encountered a carefully orchestrated political campaign of state terrorism.
The campaign included disinformation, the use of infiltrators and provocateurs, collusion with avowed Fascist groups .
. . , the deliberate targeting of non-violent groups for tear gas and beating, endemic police brutality, the torture of prisoners, the political persecution of organisers .
. .
They did all those openly, in a way that indicates they had no fear of repercussions and expected political protection from the highest sources."
[Op.
Cit., pp.
128–9] This was, unsurprisingly, not reported by the media.

Chess Opening Theory/1.
e4/1...c6/2.
d4/2...d5/3.
Nc3/3...dxe4/4.
Nxe4/4...Bf5/5.
Ng3/5...Bg6/6.
h4/6...h6/7.
Nf3/7...Nd7/8.
h5/8...Bh7/9.
Bd3/9...Bxd3

Schools are not required to include students with disabilities in the general education classroom, but are required to provide them with the most appropriate education in the least restrictive environment.
Including a student in the general education classroom is the best solution, if possible.
This means the student is taught with his non-disabled peers and has full access to the general education curriculum, extracurricular activities and other programs available to non-disabled students.
If a student is capable of being successful in this environment, it is difficult for schools to justify isolating him in a special classroom or special school.
A team of educators, specialists and parents construct an Individualized Education Plan (IEP) to ensure that the student’s educational needs are being met.
If the decision is made to keep the student from the general education classroom, this team must have valid reasons why that environment is not appropriate for the student (Stout 2007).
In order to allow students to be successful in the least restrictive environment, schools use paraprofessionals or co teaching to help the student integrate into the general education classroom (Scruggs, Mastropieri, &amp; Mcduffie, 2007).
The idea of inclusion does not relate to academics alone.
Students with disabilities are included in the community of the class and school as well.
Inclusion encourages students to be a part of the classroom both academically and socially (Burke &amp; Sutherland, 2004).

"We dismiss therefore wholly any consideration of the truth or untruth of these charges; but what is worthy of attention is the general question of how far charges against the private conduct of a public man should be allowed to weigh in dealing with his public career.
It is far too often assumed that the two should be kept entirely separate; that the public man is one entity, and the private man another; and that the one ought to be considered and dealt with wholly apart from the other.
Nothing can be more false or more absurd.
A man is not two beings; he is one; and if it be proved that he is false, dishonest, cowardly, disloyal, and base in his private capacity, it would be nonsensical to suppose that he could be true, honest, brave, loyal, and noble in his public capacity.
All that part therefore of a man’s private doings which comes to public knowledge, fairly may be, and most properly should be, taken into account, so far as it discloses the real character of the man himself, and consequently his fitness or unfitness for the public service.
He who is clearly shown to have betrayed private trust may reasonably be held likely to betray also a public trust; he who is clearly shown to be corrupt in private matters will probably also be corrupt in public matters; and if it be that such proof of private misdeeds comes before the public as warrants an evil opinion of the character of a public man, it is not wrong and unnecessary, but eminently right and necessary, that the knowledge thus acquired should be brought to bear upon the claim of the man to public confidence.
But if, on the other hand, the facts established only go to show that the man in question is moved by ordinary venial human weaknesses, or has been guilty of ordinary venial indiscretions, then it would be eminently unfair to visit upon him a public penalty for private faults of such a character.
The whole question turns upon the character of the acts established.
If they be such as affect his character for honesty, honour, and trustworthiness, they are necessary elements in estimating his fitness for public affairs; if they merely affect his discretion or his strength of mind, they are rather to be generously disregarded.
A bank manager would be wrong in refusing to take into account proofs that one of his cashiers had cheated a friend; he would be right in refusing to take into account proofs that he had eaten himself into an attack of jaundice."

In the first step of the Krebs cycle, Acetyl CoA gives its acetate away to combine with oxaloacetate, a C4 compound left over from the last cycle, to form citrate, a C6 compound.
Coenzyme A exits the cycle to be recycled for further use.
Citrate is converted to isocitrate, which then loses a CO2 and is then oxidized, reducing NAD+ to NADH + H+, and forming α-ketoglutarate (C5).
This in turn loses another CO2, is oxidized, reducing NAD+ to NADH + H+, and then the remaining molecule is attached to Coenzyme A to form succinyl CoA.
Succinyl CoA is then used to phosphorylate a GDP to GTP.
The GTP then phosphorylates an ADP to ATP.
The remaining C4 compound, succinate, is oxidized yet again, this time reducing FAD to FADH2, and with the addition of water, forms malate.
Malate is oxidized one last time, reducing NAD+ to NADH + H+, and forming oxaloacetate, the C4 compound that started off the cycle.
The Krebs cycle in total yields 2 CO2, 1 ATP, 3 NADH + H+, and 1 FADH2 per pyruvate.
The NADH + H+ and FADH2 go on to participate in the electron transport chain.

When the teacher has a plan it allows the students to spend time learning rather than wondering what they are going to learn.
With an effective lesson plan, the teacher has planned activities that will reinforce the lesson.
This keeps the students engaged and interested.
Without well planned lessons, the students lose focus and interest.
When the students lose interest, the classroom becomes chaotic.
Nothing gets accomplished with chaos.
An effective lesson plan helps with classroom management.
When students are involved in learning, they don’t have time to misbehave.
It is important to integrate technology into today’s classes.
The students are interested in technology therefore they are interested in learning lessons through technology.

Before 1945, the hope was that after the defeat of the compulsory apparatus everything would be right by itself.
Yet the first thing I experienced in American captivity was that my watch was taken off my arm and that I was beaten up.
So it was not at all as I had thought it would be.
Soon you could see that one could not compare political regimes according to a scheme of `good' versus `bad', but that you had to judge the figures according to a bounded reality.
Of course I don't want to say that the time of the Nazi-regime and the time after 1945 are to be judged on equal terms.
Yet I was simply disappointed in 1945.
Yet is that really important?
In any case the experience of the Nazi-regime for me has not been a moral one, but an experience of the arbitrary, of power, of the tactics to avoid the regime used by the man of the people.
(Luhmann qtd.
in Baecker, 2005)

Roze's singular negative is practically meaningless, while her other abilities are quite useful.
+2 Probe effectively gives every unit you have the "Polymorphic Encryption" enhancement (for free!
), further enhanced by actually giving that ability to your units if you feel the need to.
Essentially this makes it almost ruinously expensive to steal bases or units away from you, enabling you to leave your units single stacked far more often than your opposition (which is great from a combat perspective).
That, combined with your own, correspondingly cheaper probe actions puts you firmly in the driver's seat where Covert Ops are concerned.
Add that to your sharetech3 ability (gives you the same effect as the Planetary Datalinks for free!
), and what you have is a faction that is quite capable of defending itself from a variety of attacks, and able to zero in on specific areas of the tech tree, relying on the fact that your sharetech3 will enable you to pick up new technological advances from areas outside of what you are pursuing as those techs are traded and passed around the other factions.
In fact, to make the most of your sharetech ability, you should play this group as a synthesis of Morgan, Lal, and Svensgaard.
Seeing that the other factions are in contact with each other is very important to you, as it increases the likelihood of techs being traded around, which gives you direct benefits (and, if no one seems willing to trade tech with you in the game, you've got your probe teams to get them anyway!
).

Outcome consent refers to a specific situation and it transforms the outcome of this situation.
An act that would otherwise be unlawful is transformed into a lawful act due to the fact that the state affected by this act has given its consent.
Rule consent refers to the voluntary acceptance of a specific rule of international law.
This kind of consent is at the basis of classical positivist and voluntarist conceptions of international law sources and of international law’s validity.
Regime consent refers not to a specific rule but, more generally, to a be bound by the rules created within a specific system, e.g.
international organization.
In the terminology introduced by HLA Hart, rule consent can be characterized as consent to primary rules, i.e.
rules involving substantive obligations, while regime consent refers to secondary rules, i.e.
rules about rule-making.

Mail Notice.
MAILS are made up in the POST-OFFICE BALLARAT, for the undermentioned place and their suboffices at the times given below.
. . . .
The various sections of telegraph lines included in the Ballarat district are as follow:— Extending from Ballarat to Buninyong, Rokewood, Streatham, Clunes, Beaufort, Meredith, Bacchus Marsh, Mount Blackwood, and Daylesford.
All telegraph offices in Victoria are open for transaction of business at ordinary rates — viz., ten words or under, 1s, and every additional word 1d — between the hours of 8.30 a.m. and 8 p.m. (Sundays excepted).
The night and Sunday arrangements, together with the rates pertaining thereto, with all other information on telegraph matters, are published in the "Monthly Postal and Telegraph Guide."
Immediate notice of any breakage of lines or defects likely to cause an interruption to the circuit, conveyed to the Postmaster, Ballarat, will greatly facilitate the prompt restoration of communication and transaction of business.
WM.
PHILIP BECHERVAISE, Postmaster.

Queensland Wireless Institute.
The annual meeting of the Queensland Wireless institute was held in the room of the institute, at the corner of Ann and Edward streets, last night, the president (Mr. W. M. Nelson) in the chair.
The report stated that although the progress of the institute had not been brilliant some very interesting and useful work had been accomplished.
Lectures had been delivered dealing with "Electromagnetic Induction," "Submarine Cable," "An Amateur Receiving Set," "Crystal Rectifiers as applied to Wireless Reception," "Electronic Theory as applied to Valves," "Electrical Oscillations," 'Wireless Waves and Wave Motion," and "Valves and their Application in Wireless Telegraphy and Telephony."
It was decided to hold lectures on the last Friday in each month, and to invite all persons interested to attend.
After the meeting the members visited the Research Room on the tower, where the honorary secretary (Mr. S. V. Colville) demonstrated the transmission and reception of wireless signals by means of a spark transmitter and valve amplifying receiver.
He pointed out that the apparatus, which had a transmitting range of 100 miles and a receiving range of about 3000 miles, had been constructed by the members of the institute out of raw materials.
The election of officials resulted as follows:— Patron, Professor Hawken, B.A., B.E., M.I.C.E.
; president, Mr. W. M. Nelson; vice-presidents, Messrs. S. H. Smith, G. Chilton, and L. S. Lane; council, Messrs. A. L. Moore, E. Littler, W. Finney, G. Tucker, H. M'Lean, and L. Gibson, research committee, Messrs. A. L. Moore, S. V. Colville, G. Chilton, L. S. Lane, and P. Wolstenholme; honorary general secretary, Mr. S. V. Colville, honoary assistant secretary, Mr. J. Wilson; librarian, Mr. W. Shepley; assistant librarian, Mr. A. Dillon.

The theory of evolution through natural selection can be applied to many fields.
In principle, it can be used to solve any problem.
It suffices to study generations of possibilities of solutions.
Each generation is obtained from the previous one by randomly introducing small variations and selecting those that respond best, or least badly, to the problem.
This is the method of genetic algorithms.
Even learning by trial, error and success is very similar to evolution through natural selection.
Opportunities are explored.
We eliminate those that lead us to error and we retain those that make us succeed.
We progress thus by modifying little by little what we learn, by evolving what helps us to live and by giving up the rest.

The purpose of reductionist explanations, the ideal of analytic knowledge that they strive to achieve, is not to prove everything from particle physics.
It is indeed to understand the real world and all that it contains as vast complex systems, which are all made from the same elements, and whose behaviors result from the interactions between these elements.
But it does require that everything be proven from the laws of interaction between the elements.
The purpose of a reductionist explanation is not even necessarily to prove.
If the parts and their laws of interaction are already well known then yes reductionist explanations sometimes enable us to prove macroscopic laws from microscopic ones.
But often we give a reductionist explanation by merely postulating microscopic laws.
In such cases, the macroscopic laws resulting from microscopic laws are unproven.
They are not less hypothetical than the premises from which they arise.
Despite its hypothetical nature, such an explanation can still have great scientific value if it dispels some of the mystery of complexity.

The most popular mnemonic method is arguably the keyword method.
The keyword method aids in the retention of vocabulary words, and vocabulary words in foreign languages.
The keyword method involves localizing a keyword, or similar word to the foreign word in order to simplify it.
Seeing the word associated word activates the unfamiliar word and primes the formation of an image in a learner’s mind.
The technique involves the learner focusing on a native language keyword that sounds similar to the to-be-learned word.
For example, if the to-be-learned word is the Spanish word carta, the English-speaking learner could use the keyword cart and then construct a meaningful interaction between the keyword and the definition.
The keyword method can be implemented by generating a sentence to link the keyword with the to-be-learned word, or by using an illustration or a visual image.
Some criticisms suggest that the keyword method might not be useful when there is not an obvious keyword .
On the other hand, it has been demonstrated in a study that two or three hours of training with the keyword method can lead to a 70% increase in recall with German language vocabulary; as a whole, it appears that the keyword method is very beneficial.

In 1900, China was ruled by the imperial Manchu dynasty.
The vast majority of the population were peasants.
Their life was hard, working the land, and most were extremely poor.
It was the peasants who paid the taxes that in turn paid for the great Manchu imperial court.
It was also the peasants who faced starvation during floods or droughts, as their subsistence farming techniques often left them with barely enough to feed their families.
The population in China grew by 8 percent in the second half of the 19th century, but the land cultivated only increased by 1 percent.
This imbalance made famines more frequent.
Peasants' plots of land were reduced, though at the same time landlords increased rents; some peasants had to pay 80 per cent of their harvest.
Peasants would be driven to the cities by poverty, where there was already high unemployment due to improved technology and cheap Western imports.

When the National Football League was founded in 1920, television was in its infancy.
People had to go to the games and view them in person for entertainment.
The first NFL game to be televised was a match between the Philadelphia Eagles and the Brooklyn Dodgers on October 22, 1939.
But it was not until after World War II that games started to be broadcast regularly.
By 1959, big-market teams had all of their games televised, but the small-market teams did not.
In 1970, the American Football League merged with the National Football League (AFL-NFL Merger).
In doing so, they split into two divisions: the National Football Conference (NFC) and the American Football Conference (AFC).
It was decided that all NFC games (including playoffs) would be televised CBS and that all AFC games would be televised by NBC.
The popularity of the NFL would only grow from here.

Like in Mesopotamia, Egypt, and the Indus River valley, civilization in China developed around a great river.
The Yellow River carried floodwater and sediment to the land around it, making the area incredibly fertile, and thus an excellent place for the Stone Age inhabitants of the area to experiment with agriculture.
While the Yellow River was the main cradle of Chinese civilization, people also settled around other rivers, such as the Huai and the Yangtze.
By around 4000 BCE, villages began to appear.
They cultivated a number of crops, but most important was a grain called millet (two types of millet: proso and foxtail millet).
The Chinese, even up to modern times, revere the "Wǔgǔ", the Five Sacred Grains, which are traditionally considered soybeans, wheat, hemp, and the two types of millet.
Rice was also cultivated in this period, but it was not yet the important staple that it would later become in the Chinese diet.
The Neolithic Chinese domesticated animals such as pigs, dogs, and chickens.
Silk production, through the domestication of silk worms, probably also began in this early period.

Of course, when you turn on the TV, or flip on the lights, you can usually count on them having a constant supply of energy.
This is largely because we don't rely on kinetic energy alone for power.
Instead, we use energy in its other form – we use potential energy.
Potential energy is "stored" energy.
It's energy that remains available until we choose to use it.
Think of a battery in a flashlight.
If you leave a flashlight on, the battery will run out of energy within a couple of hours, and your flashlight will die.
If, however, you only use the flashlight when you need it, and you turn it off when you don’t, the battery will last for days or even months.
The battery contains a certain amount of energy, and it will power the flashlight for a certain amount of time, but because the battery stores "potential" energy, you can choose to use the energy all at once, or you can save it and only use a small amount at a time.

Second Life has become a place to literally create a second life.
The virtual technology allows users to design, create, explore, interact and express themselves unencumbered by the typical issues of real life like money and social awkwardness.
It creates a new platform for social interaction that pushes the boundary on what is possible.
This new Second Life is much closer to real life than one would originally think of such a virtual utopia.
Changing the platform for social interaction will not change human nature.
There are still relationship challenges, users who are nasty or unfriendly and although the aspects of the virtual life are a fraction as expensive as real life - it still costs something.
Users also seek to make their second life more realistic with things like fireplaces, cars, new clothes and weddings.
Second Life is not just a virtual fantasy life.
People have used Second Life to create a virtual real-world with its own imperfections (albeit with a more creative and unencumbered twist).

These egalitarian communities, founded by free agreement, also freely associate together in confederations.
Such a free confederation would be run from the bottom up, with decisions following from the elemental assemblies upwards.
The confederations would be run in the same manner as the collectives.
There would be regular local regional, "national" and international conferences in which all important issues and problems affecting the collectives involved would be discussed.
In addition, the fundamental, guiding principles and ideas of society would be debated and policy decisions made, put into practice, reviewed, and co-ordinated.
The delegates would simply "take their given mandates to the relative meetings and try to harmonise their various needs and desires.
The deliberations would always be subject to the control and approval of those who delegated them" and so "there would be no danger than the interest of the people [would] be forgotten."
[Malatesta, Op.
Cit., p. 36]

To change the font type or font color, see my code here.
You can type font color="#type the six-digit code" to change the color and face="Type in the name of the font here".
FYI not all fonts will work.
All this code needs to be inside carrots &lt;&gt;.
If you don't want a font to be used for the entire paper you need to "turn the font off" by typing when you want it to go back to normal.
I suggest using normal black font for all of your text except for sidebars or other parts you might want to highlight.
Don't just write your text in purple and green for fun.
Our eyes would hurt!
!

See the page Requesting Help, and especially the information on that page about information commonly requested when someone asks for help.
All too often someone will post "why people can't hear me?"
leading to a dozen questions for clarification (Did this start after a period of no problem?
is a handset used?
Do you use a router?
Did you check your volume setting?
Do you use a powered hub?).
Providing too much information is better than too little.
It will save everyone time, and possibly lead to more responses, and better ones.

K-means clustering works by clustering n objects into k groups.
The number of groups (k) has to be less than the number of objects(n) or else the algorithm will not work.
The initial n values are divided into k sets using Lloyd’s algorithm, which iterates through the data set by sorting through common data points.
The center of each of the newly formed cluster is then calculated and the algorithm is applied again.
This process repeats until the centroids no longer switches clusters.
Other types of algorithms can be used to iterate through the points besides Lloyd’s algorithm.
Another type of clustering similar to K-means is fuzzy c-means.
With a fuzzy c-mean cluster the points are based on the degree of likelihood that the point will be in a cluster.
K-means clustering is appropriate to use if there is a specific number of protein groups you want to analyze on the protein chip.

Chess Opening Theory/1.
e4/1...e5/2.
Nf3/2...Nc6/3.
Bb5/3...a6/4.
Ba4/4...Nf6/5.
O-O/5...Be7/6.
Re1/6...b5/7.
Bb3/7...d6/8.
c3

The games that are produced for personal computers vary in every possible aspect imaginable.
Games that are as simple solitaire , unique as simulated fishing or large and complex where empires are created and set in battle against each other.
However; most of these games fall into categories such as FPS ( first person shooter), MMORPG (massive multiplayer online role-playing game), RPG (role-playing game), Strategy, Sim , Action, Adventure, Racing and many more.
Each genre offers a different environment for users to become involved in.
Most games allow users to create alias to identified by other players if they go online.
As games have evolved and become more unique so have the users who play them.
Mostly found on online games ,users have joined together to form clans which are essentially teams that can compete against other clans competing for a placement.
Game developers have also aided in providing users multiple environments or scenarios for a single game.
These are called patches which can be downloaded and offer new ways to play a game and experience the environment.

It is the intent of this book to become a thorough and complete reference resource on semiconductors.
The first section will discuss what semiconductors are, and how they are constructed physically.
The second section will begin to discuss transistors, first through the use of specific models (Transistors as a switch, and Transistors as an amplifier).
Section 3 will talk about Field Effect Transistors (FET), how they operate, and how they are made.
Section 4 will talk further about the use of transistors as amplifiers, and will discuss Op-Amp circuits in detail.
Section 5 will discuss rectifier circuits and regulator circuits.
Section 6 will talk more in depth about using transistors as switches, and will discuss the popular CMOS and TTL design methodologies.
Finally, section 7 will discuss the use of light with semiconductors, including phototransistors, photodiodes, and LEDs.
In the future, additional topics may be covered.

The first rule of gluing wood joints is that glue does not stick to end-grain.
Most woodworking joints were in fact designed to avoid the application of glue to an end-grain surface.
Evaluate your joint first, and find two non end-grain surfaces that will come into contact.
After making a test fit, apply glue to one of these surfaces.
Spread the glue in a thin layer, being careful to not use too much glue.
Then clamp the two pieces together.
Use enough clamping pressure so that the pieces are held firmly together, but do not use so much force that all the glue is squeezed out of the joint.
Once clamped, the pieces should be left alone until the glue sets.
Setting times vary from one glue to the next, so read the instructions on the glue container.

Vertical angles are a pair of angles with a common "vertex" whose sides form opposite rays.
An extensively useful fact about vertical angles is that they are "congruent."
Aside from saying that any pair of vertical angles "obviously" have the same measure by inspection, we can prove this fact with some simple algebra and an observation about "supplementary angles."
Let two lines intersect at a point, and angles A1 and A2 be a pair of vertical angles thus formed.
At the point of intersection, two other angles are also formed, and we'll call either one of them B1 without loss of generality.
Since B1 and A1 are supplementary, we can say that the measure of B1 plus the measure of A1 is 180.
Similarly, the measure of B1 plus the measure of A2 is 180.
Thus the measure of A1 plus the measure of B1 equals the measure of A2 plus the measure of B1, by substitution.
Then by subracting the measure of B1 from each side of this equality, we have that the measure of A1 equals the measure of A2.

Gadgets is a graphical user interface management system for "Oberon System 3".
It consists of a set of end-user objects for building graphical user interfaces.
This construction process is done at run-time, hence end-user objects.
These end-user objects are called gadgets.
Gadgets range from typical dialog elements like buttons and check boxes, to more complicated ones like text and drawing editors.
Not only do you have the possibility of using applications that have been built with the Gadgets system, but you can also build your own graphical user interfaces from the provided parts.
Also, should the provided gadgets not fulfill your needs, you may program your own, either by extending existing ones, or by building completely new ones.
You may also "borrow" parts from other applications.

New zones started appearing quickly.
Quickly establishing themselves was ZERO Annihilation and Hockey Zone.
Over the next year, zones such as Star Warzone, A Small Warzone, Extreme Games, and Death Star Battle appeared on the stage.
It was also during this time that Trench Wars made its debut.
Created by a player named Silentdragon, Trench Wars was originally set up as a test zone hosted in the Sheep Cloning Facility.
Silentdragon would go on to make all of the maps for Trench Wars up until late 1999 when the three-entrance map was finally added.
Early players from this time include BobR, Louis XV, Sknox a sysop, Dgus, SS&gt;Akilla, a sysop, and of course Silentdragon himself.
In the early zone, Terriers couldn’t even maneuver when people were attached onto it and so as such LevTerrs were unheard of.

 developed the ASR hip resurfacing and ASR XL hip replacement devices in response to competition with , another orthopedics manufacturer.
The ASR and ASR XL devices both used MoM construction.
The ASR hip resurfacing device was never cleared for use in the United States but saw international use beginning in 2003.
The ASR XL hip replacement device was cleared for use in the United States in 2005 by FDA premarket notification.
Between 2003 and 2010 more than 93,000 ASR and ASR XL devices were implanted in patients worldwide, including 30,000 ASR XL implants in the United States.
In 2010, data from the National Joint Registry of England indicated that the five-year failure rates of ASR and ASR XL implants were 12% and 13%, respectively—much higher than the average for other hip implants.
Citing this data, Depuy issued a of the ASR and ASR XL products on August 24, 2010.
Since the recall, DePuy has faced over 10,000 lawsuits resulting in over $4 billion in settlements.

We want to know why.
When the radio boom appeared in England, the authorities realised that there would have to be broadcasting, and they took steps to organise it.
But here, in Australia, it seems useless to expect the authorities to make the first move in any matter, so the sooner those interested get the work the better it will for amateur wireless.
We suggest that all firms or companies willing to broadcast get together and thrash out the whole matter.
There is surely some arrangement that can be made with the authorities, under which there can be plenty of music in the air.
It costs money to run a broadcasting station, and as the regulations forbid radio as a means of advertising, no firm could be expected to send for the love of the thing alone.
The majority of amateurs are willing to pay a small sum toward the upkeep of broadcasting stations, and the amount of the method of collecting it could easily be decided upon.
Such a scheme is now in operation in England, why not try it here?

The most urgent ice warnings came later in the evening from the "Mesaba" and the "Californian".
Prior to the "Californian"'s message, at 10:33 pm she came to a full stop because of a field of pack ice directly in her path.
In response to radio operator of the "Californian," Cyril Evan's, message, , the "Titanic"'s operator on duty at the time, responded with "Shut up!
Shut up!
I'm working Cape Race".
Cape Race is the wireless station what was relaying messages from passengers to New York City.
At the time, the primary job of the wireless officers was to relay messages for passengers rather than for the crew, as they were employed by the rather than by White Star Line.
This left no open emergency communication channel for the crew to access.

AMONG THE RADIO CLUBS.
Wireless Institute.
At the last meeting of the Council of the Queensland Division of the Institute the Federal President of the Institute, Mr. S. W. Gadsden, VK3SW of Melbourne was present.
The new series of instructional classes will commence on Monday, January 4.
The traffic channels which have been in existence for over twelve months are proving extremely efficient and four schedules are kept each week with southern States.
The traffic manager is Mr. A. E. Walz, VK4AW, and when he is not able to undertake the schedules on account of work he is relieved by Messrs. Kenna (VK4FK) and Alder (VK4JB).
A considerable quantity of the correspondence of the Institute is handled by means of radiograms and the fact that there has not been a mutilation for over eight months speaks well for the skill of the operators at each end.
The Federal traffic manager has announced a new low-power test commencing on January 4, and ending on January 31.

South Brisbane Radio Club.
The president (Mr. A. G. Myers) took the chair at the usual weekly meeting of the South Brisbane Radio Club on Tuesday night last.
Mr. B. Cole was appointed a member of the technical committee to take the place of Mr. S. Beard, resigned.
Mr. Cole gave an interesting lecture on the crystal detector.
Next Tuesday night Mr. F. Thompson will lecture on telephones, when intending members will be welcome.
A picture benefit has been arranged at the Princess Theatre, Annerley-road, South Brisbane, for July 6 next, and tickets may be procured from members.
Inquiries should be addressed to the hon.
secretary, Mr. W. Wiggins, Brady-street, West End.

At length the invention comes to be known.
Guttemberg is no longer the only printer; others imitate him.
Their profits at first are large.
They are thus rewarded for having been the first to imitate the invention; and it is right that it should be so, for this higher remuneration was necessary to induce them to concur in the grand definite result which is approaching.
They gain a great deal, but they gain less than the inventor, for "competition" now begins its work.
The price of books goes on falling.
The profit of imitators goes on diminishing in proportion as the invention becomes of older date; that is to say, in proportion as the imitation becomes less meritorious.… The new branch of industry at length reaches its normal state; in other words, the remuneration of printers ceases to be exceptionally high, and comes, like that of the copyist, to be "regulated by the ordinary rate of earnings".
Here we have production, as

This move simply cuts down Blacks material losses and gives black an edge straight away.
After the only move, Qxc6+, Bd7!
holds on.
Black will have a marked queenside advantage and a 3/2 pawn majority, and white will be behind in development.
If you want to keep things simple, but also limit your advantage, then this is the way to go.
However, the adventurous will prefer 6...Qc7.
Also, e5!
will follow, ripping open central lines for Black's pieces.

Average total cost (sometimes referred to simply as average cost) is total cost divided by the quantity of output.
Since the total cost of producing 40 haircuts is $320, the average total cost for producing each of 40 haircuts is $320/40, or $8 per haircut.
Average cost curves are typically U-shaped, as Figure C07 003 shows.
Average total cost starts off relatively high, because at low levels of output total costs are dominated by the fixed cost; mathematically, the denominator is so small that average total cost is large.
Average total cost then declines, as the fixed costs are spread over an increasing quantity of output.
In the average cost calculation, the rise in the numerator of total costs is relatively small compared to the rise in the denominator of quantity produced.
But as output expands still further, the average cost begins to rise.
At the right side of the average cost curve, total costs begin rising more rapidly as diminishing returns kick in.

Some researchers consider that the market economy and the international division of labor means often peaceful cooperation.
In my opinion, it is not absolutely so, for example, international trade causes wars for control over trade ways.
The main export goods of some countries are drugs today (Afghanistan) that causes armed conflicts with other countries.
The first contact between primitive tribes often led to a war.
War is a great social invention, war is one of the main forms of the social conflict which can't be cancelled in principle.
Though war can be limited a little by means of the global armed control when the UN Security Council resolves an issue who should be considered as aggressor, and about need to punish of aggressor by means of the international armed forces.
Russia is included into this UN Security Council and Russia has to take part in the solution of similar questions.
The USA and NATO can't make similar decisions without participation of Russia.

Most of the time when we talk about variables, statistics, and regression models we think of numbers.
We have some data about a person (like age or years of education) that usually start at zero and run up from there.
Numerical variables are variables that take numerical values that represent meaningful orderings of the cases from lower numbers to highest numbers.
Numerical variables don't have to start at zero.
For example, they could also be negative, like the gender gaps in science in different countries (Figure 7-1).
It is possible for a variable to use numbers as values but still not be a numerical variable, but this is rare.
For example, region codes for DVDs divide the world into six regions (1-6), but the numbers don't have any real meaning as numbers.
There's no sense in which Region 2 (Europe) is "more regional" than Region 1 (North America).

Social loafing can also be a problem when maintaining collaborative documentation.
I am lucky to work with a highly skilled, highly motivated group of people who I know all support each other.
One aspect of our work where the majority of the team, including myself, tend to be far less motivated is in documenting our work.
All of us would rather be solving a new problem, or working on a project, than documenting a process we have already created.
One member of our team ends up doing a far disproportionate amount of the documentation for the rest of our team, not because he enjoys it, but because he knows it is important and that the rest of us are likely to let it slip.
This is not ideal for many reasons.
For starters, it is clearly unfair to him, and could lead to friction with other team members.
It also means that someone other than the primary architect of a process is the one having to document it, which can lead to errors in the documentation that the primary individual would be far less likely to make.

Lock-in had constrained the intercity bus mode for many years and almost all of the major traditional bus companies had fallen into the habit of operating in the exact same manner.
Deregulation allowed for a shake-up of the industry and a reinvention that seems poised to carry the mode on to decades of greatness.
There has been some lock-in already in terms of the policies and practices of the curbside buses.
Many of Megabus’s competitors closely mimic its model and even go so far as to offer the first ticket on their routes for $1 each.
There is still plenty of room for innovation in the industry, however, and many parts of the United States that have not yet seen the benefits of rejuvenated intercity bus service.
Curbside intercity bus service seems to do best in cities that have healthy transit systems where travelers would not necessarily need to have a car to get around once they have arrived.
Megabus has actually retreated from some markets after determining that their business model and practices were not in tune with the needs of the market and could not be profitable.
Intercity bus companies would be wise to develop partnerships with transit agencies and with cities to ensure the best possible conditions for their passengers that can be achieved in a cost effective manner (1).

Let's start with a simple example.
Suppose we want to collect information about people - their name, place of birth and some more items.
In the beginning we might consider to collect this data in a simple spreadsheet.
But what if we grow to a successful company and have to handle millions of those data items?
Could a spreadsheet deal with this huge amount of information?
Could several employees or programs simultaneously insert new data, delete or change it?
Of course not.
And this is one of the noteworthy advantages of a Database Management System (DBMS) over a spreadsheet program: we can imagine the structure of a table as a simple spreadsheet - but the access to it is internally organized in a way that huge amounts of data can be accessed by a lot of users at the same time.

Jang, S.-J., &amp; Tsai, M.-F. (2012).
Exploring the TPACK of International Society for Technology in Education.
(2000a).
National educational technology standards for students: Connecting curriculum and technology.
Eugene, OR: Author.
Taiwanese elementary mathematics and science teachers with respect to use of interactive whiteboards.
Computers &amp; Education, 59(2), 327–338.
Retrieved from http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.compedu.2012.02.003

Digestion of food begins in the horse's mouth.
The food gets guided to it by the horse's lips, particularly the upper one which is more mobile.
In the case of grass or hay, the food is torn or picked up by the horse's front teeth, the incisors.
Horses have 12 incisors in total, 6 on the top jaw and 6 on the bottom.
Once the food is picked up, it is then moved further back into the mouth with the help of the horse's tongue where the food will meet the molars.
Horses have 12 pre-molars in and 12 molars situated behind the pre-molars.
The horse uses a grinding (circular) motion to reduce the particle size of the food (a horse will chew up to 70 to 90 times a minute when eating).
It is worth noting that horses have open rooted teeth unlike humans which means that they continue to grow throughout a horses life, essential when grinding their food which wears the teeth down.

4.
NG, ClueBot.
"Vitamin K Deficiency."
Wikipedia.
Wikimedia Foundation, 22 Nov. 2012.
Web.
22 Nov. 2012.
&lt;w:en:Vitamin K deficiency&gt;.

Nils: It is good to have a Christian yoga teacher.
But if not, you can pray to Jesus.
Then Jesus will lead you in your yoga exercises.
Yoga is a body exercise.
Most important is what role model and spiritual background system you have.
Here is the difference between Hinduistic and Christian Yoga.
The essence of Christianity is the dual path of love to God and to all beings (the neighbor).
A Christian Yoga is based on these two principles.

What you should not do is say to yourself "Wow, the instructor knows this, therefore I don't have to.
I can ask again when I need to do this again."
Do not say to yourself "Probably everyone knows this, I am an idiot."
Do not say to yourself "All engineers know this, so I can ask another instructor or tutor."
Engineers do not participate in the group think, the group mind, group knowledge.
Group think blinds an engineer.
Group think makes all engineers the same.
Mediocrity begins to dominate.

Europeana has therefore been interested in Linked Open Data as a technology that facilitates these objectives, as the W3C Library Linked Data report has emphasized it for the cultural sector.
Last year, it released a first Linked Data pilot at data.europeana.eu .
This was a first opportunity to play with Linked Data, from a technical perspective.
A first prototype was deployed quite easily (see this technical paper).
Metadata was published using the Europeana Data Model (EDM), a crucial evolution of Europeana's approach to metadata.
data.europeana.eu provides enriched metadata from Europeana, distinct from the original metadata.
It is also connected to other Linked Data sources, such as Geonames.
While such data publication is also possible via other channels, Semantic Web and Linked Data technology provides a much finer, native way doing it--the links are just part of the data model.

How do you know that two electrons are in the same orbital?
In order to fully specify an orbital, you need to know the principal quantum number, "n", the azimuthal quantum number, "ℓ", and the magnetic quantum number, "m""l".
The values of first three quantum numbers for an electron determine exactly which orbital the electron in.
Clearly, then, in order to be in the same orbital, two electrons have to have exactly the same values for "n", "ℓ", and "m""l".
Now when two electrons have exactly the same values for "n", "ℓ", and "m""l", they share the same region of space within the atom, and in the last lesson, you learned that that had important consequences in terms of their spins.
If you remember back to an earlier section, electrons in the same orbital, sharing the same region of space, had to have different values of "m""s".
If one electron had "m""s" = +1/2, then the other had to have "m""s" = −1/2 and vice versa.
Let's take a look at several examples.

In addition to the demand and supply (infrastructure), cost is also related to both demand and supply.
Generally speaking, the relationship among demand, supply and cost can be described as a positive feedback loop.
That is, when demand increases, the supply will increase which results in a decreasing cost.
Then a decreasing cost stimulates the demand again.
This trend applies to both telecommunication and transportation system.
Economic activity (eg.
GPS) and social-demographic (eg.
population) also influence all demand, cost and supply in both networks.

The shugo lords really had little choice in the matter.
They either resided in Kyoto or were branded as traitors of the regime.
Along with institutions like the kanrei council system, the compulsory residential policy had incalculable effects both from a national standpoint, and from a provincial standpoint.
For starters, the power of the shugo lords was severely restricted by this policy: their freedom of movement was circumvented.
Second, as time passed into the second quarter of the fifteenth century, real power in the provinces moved away from the shugo lords and came to rest upon the deputy shugo (shugo-dai), and upon other independent samurai (kokujin) who resided in the provinces.
Therefore, from the standpoint of shugo lords the compulsory residential policy proved to be a long term disaster (Kawai 1977:73).
The hiring of deputy shugo was necessitated by the compulsory residential policy if the shugo lords were to maintain their power in the provinces.
In the short term, hiring branch family members and samurai kokujin as deputy shugo, and using them as their own representatives in the provinces worked well; but in the long term, power passed from the hands of the shugo lords into the hands of those they hired.

Second Life free to use and can be downloaded off the internet onto your computer.
You are given an avatar and can then begin exploring the "grid".
Residents have free reign over what they would like to do.
Residents can buy and sell goods and services.
They can dance at the club, or go to a bar.
There is a bar staff and streaming music so everyone hears the same music.
Some residents are even regulars at virtual bars.
There is a Teen Second Life for those ages 13-17, which has its own grid, teens cannot enter adult areas, and adults cannot enter teen areas.

The Earth's core is divided into two parts: inner and outer.
The outer core is Earth's only entirely liquid layer.
It is made up of molten iron and nickel and is 2,200km thick.
The inner core can be found 5,100km below the surface.
It is a hard ball of extremely hot iron.
The inner core was created by the pressure of all the outer layers pushing in on it.
The inner core is suspended, floating, in the outer core.
It spins at a different rate from the rest of the earth and scientists believe that this, along with the convection current in the asthenosphere, creates the magnetic field that surrounds the earth.

As for treating them as if they are a tax collector or Gentile, these being the details of the intend expulsion, seems hardly degrading in the same sense that excommunication would be.
Jesus, throughout the Gospels, is on the side of the marginalized, by whatever means.
In fact he is repeatedly questioned for his association with the low and the outcasts of the church.
It hardly seems like this can be taken without a touch of ironic sarcasm.
If the stand that Jesus takes on the role of the low and the tax collector isn’t enough, the irony goes further, as Matthew himself was a former tax collector.
The action of expulsion from the community is drastic, but the love that which Jesus calls us to love the low, the tax collector, the gentile, is radical.
It is so radical in fact, the world does not know what to do with the Kingdom that turns to paradox as practice.
So while they are to treat them as tax collectors and gentiles, both of these groups have found beautiful homes in the Kingdom.

“And Avram moved his tent, and came and dwelt by the terebinths of Mamre, which are in Hevron, and built there an altar unto Yahweh.” (13:18 JPS revised) – According to Rashi, Mamre is the name of a person, see 14:24.
The name Mamre means “strength”, “firmness” and “fatness”.
Hevron means “unity”, “unification”.
Hevron is the place where, according to tradition, Adam and Eve were buried.
Here Abraham built his third altar.
This altar represents the resurrection power of being united with Yahweh.
Here the patriarchs were later buried.
And from this place Yahweh will one day resurrect their dead bodies, so that they can be united with Messiah in the air when he comes back and later moves to Yerushalayim.

The most important concept underlying GtkTreeView is that of complete separation between data and how that data is displayed on the screen.
This is commonly known as Model/View/Controller-design (MVC).
Data of various type (strings, numbers, images, etc.)
is stored in a 'model'.
The 'view' is then told which data to display, where to display it, and how to display it.
One of the advantages of this approach is that you can have multiple views that display the same data (a directory tree for example) in different ways, or in the same way multiple times, with only one copy of the underlying data.
This avoids duplication of data and programming effort if the same data is re-used in different contexts.
Also, when the data in the model is updated, all views automatically get updated as well.

Western Washington University's rugby club team is also effective at keeping members.
While in the beginning of the year the number of players who start out dwindles, the players that do stay tend to remain committed for all four years.
I found that the thing that keeps the team together and so strong is the strong relationships that they have with each other and the fact that they're so passionate about the sport.
The team members form a close bond that extends both on and off the field and players were quoted saying that some of their closest and best friends were on the team.
Members of both the men and women's teams even made a coed softball team.
This effective way of keeping members is similar to the qualities of the Hui o Hawaii Club.
The Hawaii club gives off a "warm and affectionate" atmosphere with extremely dedicated members.
It's apparent that a club's 'friendly factor' contributes to its success.

For completely horizontal lines, the difference in y coordinates between any two points is 0, so the slope m = 0, indicating no steepness in the line at all.
If the line extends between right-upper (+,+) and left-lower ( -, -) directions, then the slope is positive.
As the slope increases, the line becomes steeper until the line is almost vertical when the slope is very large.
When the slope m = 1, the line is diagonal with an angle halfway between the x and y axes.
If the line extends between left-upper (-,+) and right-lower (+, -) directions, then the slope is negative.
As the slope changes from 0 to very negative numbers, the steepness in the opposite direction increases.
Compare the slope ( m ) values in the following graph of functions y = 1 (where &lt;br&gt;m = 0), y = (1/2) x + 1, y = x + 1, y = 2 x, y = -(1/2) x + 1, y = -x + 1, and y = -2 x + 1.
For all two-variable linear equations that can be converted to linear functions, the same calculation applies to slopes for those lines.

If we scrutinize circuits based on the voltage compensation idea, we will discern three kinds of such circuits.
For the most part, these circuits (inverting amplifier, RC inverting integrator – Fig.
2, etc.)
consist of two consecutively connected devices: the first converts the input voltage to a current; the second converts back this current to an output voltage.
So we can present them as a system of two consecutively connected dual converters: a "voltage-to-current converter" and a "current-to-voltage converter".
There are also circuits consisting only of a voltage-to-current converter (classical op-amp voltage-to-current converter) and only of a current-to-voltage converter (transimpedance amplifier – Fig.
1).
Well, let's build a typical circuit with voltage compensation step-by-step to reveal the truth about these circuits.

Two common types of eukaryotic cells are animal and plant cells.
Plant cells have cell walls, which give them their rigid structure.
Unique to plant cells, chloroplasts allows them to photosynthesize.
These two structures are not found in animal cells.
The absence of a cell wall enables animals cells to adopt a variety of shapes.
A lysosome, which contains digestive enzymes, is found exclusively in animal cells.
Another difference between animal and plant cells is the size of their vacuoles.
Animal cells have several small vacuoles throughout the cytoplasm while plant cells contain just one large central vacuole.

When light strikes oil (or a soap bubble) it gets reflected "twice".
The first reflection occurs when light strikes the top surface of the oil, but not all of the light is reflected here.
Some of the light penetrates the surface of the oil and is reflected from the bottom surface.
This causes the light to undergo a "phase shift".
When the light emerges from the oil and is recombined with light reflected from the surface, some of the light frequencies are canceled because of the phase shift, and others are reinforced.
Which frequencies are canceled and which are reinforced depends on the angle at which they are viewed, and the viewing angle changes continuously over the surface of the oil.
The effect is that one band of oil will appear yellow, another green, another yellow, etc.
This is why you see a rainbow in a puddle of oil or on a soap bubble.

Though sacrificial rituals were an important part of the religious system there were many other important parts to it as well.
Many outdoor shrines have been discovered some in caves, others on hill tops.
There are depictions of women dancing around the trees, shaking the branches suggesting a sort of religious ceremony, further highlighting the role woman played.
Household shrines and shrines at tombs have also been discovered and this presents a real religious background to Minoan Crete.
Artifacts indicate that religious practice involved dance, procession, sacrifice, and offerings, which were all key factors of the religious system.
To further the theory of processions occurring or ceremonial events we gain and insight in the Saffron Gatherers fresco.
This pictorial image shows two clear women dancing around a monkey (cannot be confirmed) type figure.
This further amplifies their role as they have appeared numerous times in sources.

As electricity became more widely used, things like washing machines and hot water started creeping into people’s houses.
All of these advances were contributing to a general feeling that society couldn’t really get any better, and people started to buy goods.
It was this idea of a perfect society that provided the building block for Henry Ford’s Company.
He employed unskilled workers, paid them good salaries and built cars.
However, he developed a system to allow unskilled workers to build cars through a moving assembly line.
The moving assembly line was his most genius creation.
He pulled apart every little job there was in the creation of a car, and then gave that job to someone to do over and over.
This enabled him produce thousands of cars everyday and sell them cheaply to the population.

Why should students be allowed to use the computers in the classroom?
All reasons stated previously are valid reasons to allow students to use classroom computers except for as a babysitter.
The computers in the classroom are wonderful tools to enhance a lesson and the students’ knowledge of the computer world.
There are many reasons for using computers in the classroom.
Computer use can “increase basic skills in math, reading and writing” (Sadker) as well as other content areas.
Sadker list other useful purposes of computer use in the classroom to include student motivation, the promotion of higher order thinking, increasing the use of academic resources, reaching different learning styles, and preparing students for the workplace.
Computer use in the classroom by students enhances the ability to teach problem based learning.
The computer can help a teacher “guide students in real-world problem solving” (Sadker) and still cover the curriculum for No Child Left Behind.

Prewriting for even 5 to 20 minutes can help you establish what you already know about a paper topic, as well as aid you in discovering where you would like to go with a paper (i.e.
what you want to know).
Doing so can often help prevent you from committing to superficial and/or mundane responses.
Prewriting can help you find strong, thoughtful, and clear answers to questions posed by either the assignment or by your consideration of it.
It can reveal to you those potential areas of personal interest within the writing task: in a manner of speaking, prewriting enables you to "discover" yourself within the context of your topic.
It can also help you nail down responses--to move ideas from short-term memory into long-term or written memory--so that you can get to the work of writing rather than trying to remember what it is you want to say.
That is, your thinking is often more clear and better focused when engaged in actual writing.
As such, prewriting can act as a tool to stave off or break through what is commonly called "writer's block."

Home doesn't work like it should work.
In WP 5.1 it is a "prefix" key to tell WP 5.1 how far you want to move.
In WP 12 Classic Mode it just works like in WP 12 WordPerfect mode, the ordinary Workspace.
This is really a turnoff.
It is possible to get in front of any codes with Home and Ctrl-Home.
Just press the key(s) twice.
In WP 5.1 you'd have to press Home three times for that.
It works, but really is not WP 5.1 style.

Social behavior, in general, involves actions taken by individuals that, at least when aggregated over a group, affect other individuals.
We want to predict and explain this behavior.
Viewing this as scientists, we would like to discover, in effect, any “natural laws” that determine this behavior, if not for all environments then for some.
One candidate for such a law of social behavior, one that may offer the foundation for a paradigm for each of the social sciences, is that individuals behave to further their own self interest.
These models are relatively simple, powerful in their predictions, and might apply to all social behavior.
"Self Interest and Social Behavior" examines these models, builds up their mathematical infrastructure as necessary, and examines these models and their implications through important applications throughout the social sciences.
These applications clearly come from economics, political science, psychology, and anthropology, but also biology and philosophy whenever they try to predict or explain social behavior.
We intend to demonstrate that these models should, at a minimum, be considered seriously because of their simplicity, their power, and their potentially wide scope.

So why does Lupin say that Snape had been told not to reveal his secret?
Dumbledore, in September when Lupin was introduced to the school, still accepted the Ministry belief that Sirius was the secret-keeper who revealed the Potter's whereabouts to Voldemort.
Dumbledore already knew of Snape's hatred of James Potter for having saved his life, and could assume, knowing of Snape's feelings for Lily Evans, that Sirius would also be greatly hated.
Dumbledore further knew, because Snape freely expressed it, that Snape felt that the allegiance between Lupin and Sirius was still strong despite Sirius' betrayal of the Potters.
(We overheard Snape reiterating this belief after Sirius' first attempt to get into the Gryffindor common room, when Harry and all the rest of the students were sleeping in the Great Hall.)
Of course there is also the jealousy – if his mere existence wasn't enough, Lupin had the effrontery to be accepted into the job that Snape wanted.
And finally, Snape was compelled to brew, every month, the doses of Wolfsbane Potion that kept Lupin from being a danger.
Even if Dumbledore had to warn other staff members about revealing Lupin's secret, we can be certain that he knew enough about the relationship between Lupin and Snape to feel that reinforcement of the directive would be required.

In English we say "the house of the girl".
In Hindi that should be said as "the girl "'s" house".
In this case "the girl" should be in oblique case and house of course (since obviously it is the object) is in the direct case.
Our example will be in Hindi "Ladki ka ghar" (लडकी का घर).
But if we use a feminine word for an object "ka" changes to "ki" as in "Ladki ki sari" (लडकी की सरी), meaning "the sari of the girl" (sari is a traditional indian female clothing).
Then if we wanna say "the houses of the girl" we have to say "ladki ke ghar" (लडकी के घर).
I think you got the idea.
Now we can build even bigger sentences...

But then, between years 2000 and 2005, came change.
Many persons stopped saying "Java" and started saying "Linux".
Businesses started looking for Linux products instead of Java products.
Many GNU/Linux distributions provided functionality equal to Solaris.
Commercial vendors of database software started providing it for Linux in addition to Solaris.
IBM and the United States government became interested with Linux and wrote kernel code for Linux.
Servers migrated from Solaris to Linux, which ended their need to pay Solaris licenses.
Because Linux is free, licensing is gratis; Linux source code is public and several companies sell support for it.

Why discuss style in a section on editing?
As you write, you make choices.
As you edit, you examine the effectiveness of those choices.
Some choices are more effective than others and may reinforce your message.
It all depends on your goal, your purpose, and your audience.
Are you writing a birthday greeting or a dissertation?
An instant message or a public address?
Your choices determine your text's effectiveness; they help relate meaning.

"13.
How secondary qualities produce their ideas.
After the same manner, that the ideas of these original qualities are produced in us, we may conceive that the ideas of secondary qualities are also produced, viz.
by the operation of insensible particles on our senses.
...v.g.
that a violet, by the impulse of such insensible particles of matter, of peculiar figures and bulks, and in different degrees and modifications of their motions, causes the ideas of the blue colour, and sweet scent of that flower to be produced in our minds.
It being no more impossible to conceive that God should annex such ideas to such motions, with which they have no similitude, than that he should annex the idea of pain to the motion of a piece of steel dividing our flesh, with which that idea hath no resemblance."
(Chapter VIII).

Most large rental houses have some very nice people in them who are willing to lend cheapskates like us a decent 16mm camera kit for virtually nothing.
Just be honest with them - tell them you've done everything you can to raise the money and promise them a screen credit.
Be VERY nice to them.
You could get an Arri SRII, with a set of primes and a handful of glass filters for around UKP 100 - 200 for a WEEK.
Try to avoid shooting in summer though as all the film students will be using the kit.
And remember to budget for transport - all those flight cases are very heavy and large.
And for God's sake CHECK every bit of kit before it leaves the camera floor and when you return it.
And I don't mean just check you've got the right number of boxes - look inside each box and tick off every cable, bolt and filter - I almost got myself in UKP 35,000 of debt because the camera hire company claimed we'd forgotten to return the remote control for the dolly (it turned out they'd screwed up and sent it to the wrong place - but I wasn't sure because we hadn't checked properly).

When specifying a path with XPath, there are times when you will already be ‘in’ a node.
But other times, you will want to select nodes starting from the root node.
XPath lets you do both.
If you have ever worked with websites in HTML, it works the same way as referring to other files in HTML hyperlinks.
In HTML, you can specify an Absolute Path for the hyperlink, describing where another page is with the server name, folders, and filename all in the URL.
Or, if you are referring to another file on the same site, you need not enter the server name or all of the path information.
This is called a Relative Path.
The concept can be applied similarly in XPath.

As an example, consider "Schwachstelle".
This is a compound of "schwach", which means "weak", and "Stelle", which means "location" or "place".
(We'll talk about German's unusual capitalization rules in a bit.)
Together they mean "weak point", "weak spot", or "vulnerability".
While English leaves both "weak point" and "weak spot" as separate words, German combines them into a single compound word.
The single word, "vulnerability", does describe the idea, but note how much easier the German word is to understand once you know how German has put the pieces together.
Any German speaking child could tell you what a "Schwachstelle" might be, but understanding "vulnerability" requires some education.

“Mi amíco.
- Benevenit.
Dormi bon.
Yo es in Bukovina, ples venir a Bukovina.
Esque li viage de London esset bon?
Mi land es tre bell.
Benevenit a mi land.

Mit vier Kernen á 2 GHz, 2 GiB DDR3 RAM und Gigabit-Ethernet ist das Cubieboard4 unschwer als das Leistungsstärkste der vier aufgeführten zu erkennen.
Der Preis von 100 ist für die Leistung zwar komplett angemessen, für unser Projekt jedoch etwas zu hoch, sodass das Cubieboard4 leider aus der engeren Auswahl fiel.
Anders beim BeagleBone Black, hier passt der Preis von nur 55,00Euro, leider kann das Board leistungstechnisch nicht mit den beiden anderen verbliebenden Boards mithalten.
Mit nur einem Kern und 512 MB RAM, steht es klar hinten an.
Der Raspberry Pi 2 (Modell B) besitzt zwar einen Preisvorteil gegenüber dem Banana Pi M2, hat dafür aber auch nur DDR2 statt DDR3 RAM und eine 100 MHz niedrigere Taktfrequenz.
Ausschlaggebend war am Ende die höhere Netzwerkdurchsatzrate des Banana Pi M2, der mit 1000Mbit/s aufwarten kann.
Wir haben uns für fünf Banana Pis entschieden, vier Compute-Nodes und ein Head-Node.

Players runecrafting often use other players to give them ess and in turn pay them with gp or runes.
The players who bring the ess to the runecrafter are known as 'ess runners' or 'runners'.
For example, a runecrafter is at the air altar with noted ess.
A runner comes into the altar and trades with the runecrafter.
The runecrafter gives the runner 26 noted ess, the runner goes to a bank and deposits the notes then withdraws them as items, goes back to the runecrafter, and gives them 26 ess.
The runecrafter then uses the ess on the altar, creating air runes.
The runner is then given payment, whether it be some gp or runes.

POST-OFFICE NOTICE.
Mails for the United Kingdom, Europe, America, &amp;c., will be made up at this office on Wednesday, the 1st December, for despatch by the Royal Mail Steamship China.
The times appointed for closing are:— For Registered Letters at 4 p.m.; for Ordinary Letters, Packets, and Newspapers, at 6 p.m. Money Orders on the United Kingdom will not be issued after 1 p.m. on Wednesday, 1st December.
A Supplementary Mail for Letters only will be made up for despatch via Queenscliff, on Thursday morning, the 2nd December, at 5 o'clock.
WM.
PHILIP BECHERVAISE, Postmaster.
Post and Telegraph Office, Ballarat, 23rd November, 1875.

 There were many critical events which play a significant role in the pipeline explosion.
The first critical event can be traced back to a loss of power at a nearby PG&amp;E pump station.
The job of the pump station was to monitor and control the pressure and flow within the system, Due to the loss of power at the pump station, many of the remote-controlled valves were left in an open position.
This allowed the continuous flow of natural gas to be present in the system and as a result the pressure in the pipeline began to rise.
While this was all happening, lying in wait under a residential neighborhood was a 30-inch natural gas pipe section which had a horizontal welded seam that ran down the entire length of the pipe.
Once the pressure reached its highest point at 400 pounds per a square inch, the pipeline section exploded at the welded seam.
All of these events together created the perfect conditions for this incident to take place.

WIRELESS ASSISTS.
MAN REQUIRED IN MELBOURNE.
FOUND IN LONGREACH.
On Wednesday night local wireless enthusiasts heard the Melbourne wireless station announcing that the relatives of Mr. Frank Creber, Bridge Street, Sandringham, Melbourne, desired to know the present whereabouts of the young man, as his mother was dangerously ill. By a strange coincidence it was only that day that Creber had been engaged by Mr. Douglas Rutherford for work on Avondale, and he had left that (Wednesday) evening for Avondale with Mr. Rutherford.
The following (yesterday) morning Mr. Rutherford was informed by phone from Longreach of the wireless message, and he immediately instituted inquiries to ascertain the correctness, of the wireless message — which was received by Messrs. E. J. Kellett, A. G. Harriss and W. Hagarty.
On ascertaining the genuineness of the case Mr. Rutherford left Avondale by car with Creber about 8 p.m. yesterday, arriving in Longreach about 2 a.m. this morning, and the young man, who was stranded, was put on the early morning train for Melbourne.
It is difficult to say how long it would have taken to trace Creber had any other means of communication, been employed.

In 1996 the parents of children who had undergone cardiac surgery in Bristol, organized and called for a Public Inquiry.
The Inquiry did not officially begin until 1998 and was not published until 2001.
The report highlighted poor teamwork and "too much power in too few hands."
It also stated that the physical setup was inefficient and dangerous, the surgeons were on-site, but pediatric cardiologists were several hundred meters away in the children's hospital.
Additionally, the operating room and intensive care unit were on different floors requiring transport by a busy elevator in potentially time sensitive situations.
The report concludes with this statement "to a very great extent, the flaws and failure of Bristol were within the hospital, its organisation and culture, and within the wider NHS as it was at the time.
That said, there were individuals who could and should have acted differently."

Due to systemic inflammation occurring in individuals with SLE, cardiovascular function has an increased risk of impairment .
Therefore, SLE is an identified risk factor for cardiovascular events and increased mortality .
Chronotropic incompetence is a cardiovascular condition occurring when the heart is unable to increase in function (i.e.
increasing heart rate or blood pressure), in relation to the workload it’s undergoing.
Associatively, delayed heart rate recovery refers to the time the heart takes to return to its resting function after stress.
The importance of addressing chronotropic incompetence and delayed heart rate recovery is due to their nature as cardiovascular predictors of mortality and its prevalence in SLE populations .
&lt;br&gt;

It was true that whatever the court of the king's bench did, local communities had to cooperate.
In 1414, when the commission goes to Devon, there was very little cooperation.
You can't directly control local areas.
King therefore needs to be using local authority as much as he can.
He also is able to use greater number of local nobles unlike H4.
Allowing these nobles to bring men, who would otherwise commit petty offences, to the battlefield.
It becomes harder to recruit like this because relies on nobles having credibility and war having popular support and enthusiasm.

Allocative efficiency is a social concept.
It refers to producing the optimal quantity of some output, the quantity where the marginal benefit to society of one more unit just equals the marginal cost.
The rule of profit maximization in a world of perfect competition was for each firm to produce the quantity of output where P = MC, where the price (P) is a measure of how much buyers value the good and the marginal cost (MC) is a measure of what marginal units cost society to produce.
Following this rule assures allocative efficiency.
If P &gt; MC, then the marginal benefit to society (as measured by P) is greater than the marginal cost to society of producing additional units, and a greater quantity should be produced.
But in the case of monopoly, price is always greater than marginal cost at the profit-maximizing level of output, as can be seen by looking back at [link].
Thus, consumers will suffer from a monopoly because a lower quantity will be sold in the market, at a higher price, than would have been the case in a perfectly competitive market.

The phenomenon of the French inspired showgirl in Las Vegas truly began in 1952 when entertainment director Jack Entratter’s first show featuring Danny Thomas premiered.
Enthralled by the beauty and lifestyle these women led in advertisements in papers, audiences and actresses like Betty Bunch flocked to these stages to perform or just watch the act at hotels like the Sahara.
The dresses alone costed $12,000 which when adjusted for inflation is $107,205.66 in 2016.
Many Americans considered Las Vegas to be primarily a gambling resort when in actuality the entertainment industry plays a significant role in global marketing.
Las Vegas wasn’t the only city in the United States that show girls were prevalent in.
Cities like Miami, New York, and Hollywood put on similar shows as to the ones in Las Vegas.
However, the modern day show girl survives only in Las Vegas which is affectionately referred to as a “time-warp museum of popular culture.”

Cultural Determinism, as already outlined earlier in this book, is ultimately defined as the way in which society is affected by the cultural change; how this change may affect our character, our beliefs, and our interactions with one another.
Technological Determinism is therefore how technology affects our culture and wider society.
Marshall McLuhan (1964) argued that cultural shifts are caused by innovations in media technology.
We can see that this is quite prominent in today’s society.
As discussed earlier, the invasion of the Private Sphere in the digital age has changed the way we go about our everyday life.
Before the creation of the internet and social media platforms, the home was our private space, unless someone called you on your landline, you were unavailable.
Now there is pressure to be constantly available through text message or other forms of digital communication.

This type of research produces no concrete results, rather it presents an interpretation provided by the authors.
Therefore this study can only be used as a guide for further research or program development rather than concrete evidence of what works and what does not.
Other limitations of this research include the use of self reporting and the use of volunteers.
Due to the bias nature of self reporting volunteer results may be skewed.
The volunteers were also already signed up for the exercise program, therefore there is an already present motive to participate.
Studying the general population of breast cancer survivors may show different trends to what was presented which may result in lower participation numbers overall.
Further research should investigate ways to increase the number of participants who haven't already signed up for these programs as well as looking at the motives and barriers of adherence to the program.

It is for this reason anarchists stress the importance of self-liberation (see section A.2.7) and "support all struggles for partial freedom, because we are convinced that one learns through struggle, and that once one begins to enjoy a little freedom one ends by wanting it all."
By means of direct action (see section J.2), people exert themselves and stand up for themselves.
This breaks the conditioning of hierarchy, breaks the submissiveness which hierarchical social relationships both need and produce.
Thus the daily struggles against oppression "serve as a training camp to develop" a person's "understanding of [their] proper role in life, to cultivate [their] self-reliance and independence, teach him [or her] mutual help and co-operation, and make him [or her] conscious of [their] responsibility.
[They] will learn to decide and act on [their] own behalf, not leaving it to leaders or politicians to attend to [their] affairs and look out for [their] welfare.
It will be [them] who will determine, together with [their] fellows .
. . , what they want and what methods will best serve their aims."

In her career, Jovita Gonzalez is best known for writing Caballero, which she wrote in collaboration with Margaret Eimer (also known as Eve Raleigh).
Described by the Texas State Historical Association as “a historical romance that inscribes and interprets the impact of the United States’ power and culture on the former Mexican northern provinces as they were being politically redefined into the American Southwest in the mid-nineteenth century,” Caballero has been considered the standout of Gonzalez’s writing career.
Gonzales and Eimer worked on the novel in the late 1930’s throughout the 1940’s by mailing the manuscript from one to the other.
It took Jovita Gonzalez twelve years to compile the information for Cabellero and she did so from memoirs, family history, and historical sources.
In 1983 González de Mireles died of natural causes in Corpus Christi, where she was recognized as a local historian.
The Mexican Americans in Texas History Conference, organized by the Texas State Historical Association, honored her in 1991.
Her papers are housed at the Nettie Lee Benson Latin American Collection, University of Texas at Austin and in the Southwestern Writers Collection at Texas State University-San Marcos.

A computer is a device.
A computing system, by contrast, is a dynamic entity, used to solve problems and interact with its environment.
A computing system is composed of hardware, software, and the data that it manages.
Computer hardware is the collection of physical elements that make up the machine: boxes, circuits boards, chips, wires, disk drives, keyboards, monitors, printers, etc.
Computer software is the collection of programs that provide the instructions that a computing system carries out.
And at the very heart of a computer is the information that it manages.
Without data, the hardware and software have no use.

Depending on the situation, the locus can be a different solution.
In Figure A, there is a vertical axis "BO" and a point "a".
When point "a" is revolved around "BO", the path that point "a" creates is a circle.
In this given set of conditions, the locus is the circular path that point "a" creates when revolved around "BO" because that circle is a collection of all the points that are the same distance from "BO" as point "a".
In Figure B, there is a vertical axis "BO" with a line segment "AO" touches "BO" to creates ∠"AOB".
When "AO" is revolved around "BO", the path that the "AO" creates a surface that takes the shape of a cone.
Therefore, in this particular set of conditions, the locus "AO" is a conical surface because that surface is a collection of all the line segments that can be represented by "AO" in a three-dimensional space.

Membrane channels are of "three distinct types"'.
The α-type channels are homo- or hetero-oligomeric structures that in the latter case consist of several dissimilar proteins.
This class of channel protein has between 2 and 22 transmembrane α-helical domains which explain the derivation of their class.
Molecules move through α-type channels down their concentration gradients and thus require no input of metabolic energy.
Some channels of this class are highly specific with respect to the molecule translocated across the membrane while others are not.
In addition, there may be differences from tissue to tissue in the channel used to transport the same molecule.
As an example, there are over 15 different K+-specific voltage-regulated channels in humans.

MALBON, J.
Gaining balance on the regulatory tightrope.
In: HOSSAIN, M.; MALBON, J.
(Eds.).
Who benefits from privatisation?
Routledge Studies in the Modern World Economy, n. 16, 1998.
[ Links ]

"Opposition to Judaism introduced the particular festival of Sunday very early, indeed, into the place of the Sabbath.
...
The festival of Sunday, like all other festivals, was always only a human ordinance, and it was far from the intentions of the apostles to establish a divine command in this respect, far from them, and from the early apostolic church, to transfer the laws of the Sabbath to Sunday.
Perhaps, at the end of the second century a false application of this kind had begun to take place ; for men appear by that time to have considered labouring on Sunday as a sin.
"-AUGUSTUS ~EANDER, "General History of the Christian Religion and Church" (Rose's tran51ation).
Vol.
I, page JR6

To illustrate the process of knowledge management, a number of knowledge management cycles, which were built by different specialists, like Meyer &amp; Zack, Bukowitz &amp; Williams, McElroy and Wiig, have been introduced.
To make it easier to understand, the integrated knowledge management cycle summarizes those cycles.
There are 3 components in the integrated knowledge management cycle, namely knowledge capture and creation, knowledge sharing and dissemination, as well as knowledge acquisition and application (Gibran, 2005).
For knowledge capture and creation, it is the process of recording and generating of new knowledge.
For knowledge sharing and dissemination, it is the exchange of knowledge among people.
Knowledge is personalized and distributed to the right persons.
For knowledge acquisition and application, it is the process of identifying the relevant knowledge and developing systems to extract the knowledge followed by applying knowledge to suitable case and evaluating the outcome as well as learning from it (Pakirh, 2001).

The use of 2D-Electrophoresis is another useful tool in purifying and separating proteins in a gel.
The separation of the proteins can take place without having to do any preliminary purification.
When the technique of SDS-Page fails to produce the purification of a particular protein, 2D-Electrophoresis is the next method to turn to.
However, similar to SDS-Page, 2D-Electrophoresis presents some side-effects.
One side-effect is that multiple 2D-electrophoresis gels are difficult to compare because the gels themselves are hard to reproduce between lab experiments.
Another side-effect is that the capacity of the gel paper is poor in quality and needs to be run several times in order to collect enough protein for further analysis.
Nonetheless, with technology constantly advancing in mass spectrometry and micro-purification, these side-effects will soon be eliminated.

So how does the Heisenberg Uncertainty Principle relate to the electron and all the problems scientists have interpreting the electron wave function?
Well, if you think about it logically, the Heisenberg Uncertainty Principle basically means that it’s impossible to predict "both" exactly what the electron will do or exactly where the electron will be found.
Suppose, for instance, that you know the electron's precise position, then according to the Heisenberg Uncertainty Principle, you can't know its precise momentum as well.
In other words, "when you know where the electron is, you don’t know where it's going" (since where it's going is determined by the velocity component of its momentum).
Suppose, on the other hand, that you know the electron's precise momentum.
According to the Heisenberg Uncertainty Principle, you can't know its precise position as well.
In other words, "when you know where the electron is going, you don't know where it is".

 The chemical symbol for an element is often combined with information regarding the number of protons and neutrons in a particular isotope of that atom to give the atomic symbol.
To write an atomic symbol, you begin with the chemical symbol, then write the atomic number for the element (the number of protons in the nucleus) as a subscript, preceding the chemical symbol.
Directly above this, as a superscript, now write the mass number for the isotope, that is, the total number of protons and neutrons in the nucleus.
Thus, for helium, the atomic number is 2 and there are two neutrons in the nucleus for the most common isotope (see Figure 1.3), making the atomic symbol formula_1.
In the definition of the atomic mass unit, the “most common isotope of carbon”, formula_2, is defined as having a mass of exactly 12 amu and the atomic masses of the remaining elements are based on their masses relative to this isotope.
Chlorine (chemical symbol Cl) consists of two major isotopes, one with 18 neutrons (the most common, comprising 75.77% of natural chlorine atoms) and one with 20 neutrons (the remaining 24.23%).
The atomic number of chlorine is 17 (it has 17 protons in its nucleus), therefore the chemical symbols for the two isotopes are formula_3 and formula_4.Figure 1.5a

Why is it important to teach elementary school children historical literature from an anti-racist perspective?
This is one of the questions that a teacher should ask him or herself, because many people do not believe that young children can understand the concepts of racism and might therefore criticize teachers for their decision to teach historical literature in this way.
However, this is not entirely the case.
Without getting into the arguments about what young children are and are not capable of understanding, children do internalize many of the messages they are given which will later lead to subconscious forms of racism, as well as affecting them in their day to day lives.
"Racism attacks young children's growing sense of group as well as individual identity."
Teaching anti-racism through stories also makes sense because “Stories are 'an extraordinary vehicle for communion and communication and expression, and for the knowledge that we all need in order to know where we're coming from and to help us to define where we're going.
'” Teaching children anti-racist concepts when they are young sets the foundation for expanding on these concepts when they are older.

LLVM is a compiler framework.
Like GCC, there are frontends for different parsers.
(C and C++ use the Clang frontend while GCC has its own frontends such as G++ for C++ and G77 for Fortran.)
There is a common optimizer stage for all supported languages.
A backend supports different kinds of processors.
(x86, AMD64, PPC and ARM are all supported by both GCC and LLVM.)
In order to get the Clang C/C++ compiler and other LLVM-based compilers to work with AROS 68k we'll need an LLVM backend for the 68k processors.

Milk was always in plentiful supply; Harry worked at the Wiltshire United Dairies, butter factory, as did his son Hector They had ‘an arrangement’ with the dairy to provide them with butter.
Anything extra that could not be afforded came from relatives who worked on the land or neighbours whose gardens produce a surplus.
The dairy farm milked its own cows; filling the sterilized milk churns with fresh milk, to be delivered to each house in the village.
The gaily-painted horse-drawn milk float – a two-wheeled cart open at the back with a step, for the driver holding the reins.
It held a number of churns; the largest had a tap from which the white coated milkman, in formal peaked cap, filled the offered jug.
When delivering to the door he carried the milk in a bucket, which he ladled out in pint or half pint measures.
The horse knew the route and each house on the round… the milkman walking behind…

A form is one way to get information on what the user is doing back and forth to the server and PHP.
All forms must have a start and end tags.
In order to submit any information from a form to the server you MUST have a submit button.
Without a submit button you won’t be able to tell the page that the user is trying to send you data about what he/she is doing.
You can see a small form in the example above.
It has both the start and end form tags, as well as a button.
If that looks unfamiliar to you then you really should go back to lissaexplains.com and do some catching up on your HTML skills!

Cells, the basic building blocks of all living systems, rely on complex internal processes.
These processes take place on the micrometer scale in different membrane compartments and cytoskeletal locations.
Fluorescence imaging, employing green fluorescent protein (GFP) from the jellyfish Aequoria victoria and its relatives can help scientists further explore these cellular processes.
GFP can be used as an important molecular imaging tool because of its fluorescence, or its capacity to produce a light of a different color other than the illuminating light.
GFP and fluorescence can monitor cellular processes over time.
Furthermore, GFP is encoded by a single portable DNA sequence that can be easily be fused to a protein of interest and expressed within living cells.
Before GFP, researchers relied on fluorescent antibody techniques to examine the proteins and nucleotide sequences, but this could only be done on dead, fixed cells or tissue sections.

For instance, Yeshua walked in liberty regarding the Sabbath and taught men so.
The Pharisees accused Him of breaking the Sabbath and doing what was "not lawful" to do according to their interpretation (Matthew 12:2).
If He had broken the Sabbath, it would have been sin and He would have been an imperfect sacrifice.
So, although it was the scribes and Pharisees accusation that He broke "the law", it was not an actual fact that He did break the Law, regarding the Sabbath.
It just went against their 'law' - i.e.
their interpretation of how to apply the law in various situations of life.
As He said, "It is lawful to do good on the Sabbath" (Matthew 12:12)

For some teachers, the best way to reward students for performing well and encouraging them to try in the future is by using incentives.
Incentives can be used in many different ways.
One of these methods is using a point system that incorporates giving a student a point when he or she does well.
At the end of the week, they can receive a prize such as doing a fun activity, to act as a reward ("CanTeach," 2008).
Another effective award system consists of having the class work together to fill a jar full of marbles.
A marble is put in the jar when a student does well and the marbles are counted at the end of the week for a class prize ("CanTeach," 2008).
This is an effective reward method because it requires the class to work together while building teamwork skills and allows them to achieve a group goal.

Monoamine oxidase is an enzyme that acts to metabolize monoamines, both intracellularly and extracellularly.
Its inhibition increases the amount of serotonin, norepinephrine and dopamine available for neurotransmission.
The first MAOI, iproniazide, an anti-tuberculosis drug, was discovered in the 1950’s.
Tranylcypromine, phenelzine, isocarboxazid, and more recently transdermal selegiline are MAOIs currently available in the United States for the treatment of depression.
These antidepressants may be particularly effective for patients with atypical depression (i.e., depression characterized by hyperphagia and hypersomnia).
(Quitkin, Stewart et al.
1993)

In the creation of national standards, teachers and students must understand that these advanced programs provide an excellent base to build an educational program.
Students who are taught within these standards develop as complete packages in the world’s eye.
Teachers who teach with these standards not only better students, but better themselves.
In teaching on a higher level, teachers inspire students and provide a much needed advancement in the national educational standard.
Students pushed to be better themselves ultimately become people who push for a better tomorrow.
In establishing a national standard largely influenced by advanced programs there can only be an improvement in education as a whole.
With teachers and students constantly pushed to better themselves the entire nation will improve.

Atherosclerosis refers to the fatty deposits that block the arteries.
Healthy arteries have smooth inner lining and blood can flow through them easily.
However, if arteries have an infection it may result in rougher lining and cause inflammation.
White blood cells go to the damaged arteries and begin to take up lipids, including cholesterol.
Fatty acids start to grow at the affected area.
This makes the artery become stiff and obstructs the blood flow.
If unrecognized and untreated, atherosclerosis can lead to heart attack due to the death of cardiac muscle tissue.

Mr. Nowak is at home and Mrs. Nowak isn't.
This house is very far away.
It is in a city.
And where is this city?
It's there.
Is there a school?
Yes, but the school is also here, at the corner.

If you find an obviously valuable fossil, you should contact a professional.
It is too easy to ruin a fossil by attempting to remove it yourself.
Leave the extraction in the hands of an experienced collector.
If you find such a fossil on public land, contact the authority responsible for the land.
The fossil belongs to them, and they have the right to decide what to do with it.
To find a professional, contact a museum or a local university.
If they do not have one on staff, they will be able to refer you to one.

According to Janice Friesen, and instructional specialist from "MOREnet", Missouri's state educational network, there are 3 issues that effective training can remedy.
First, "isolation" refers to the idea that teachers often feel that by working alone, they are not able to understand technology and therefore cannot gain enough of a working knowledge to be successful with technology.
Second, the "lack of general training".
Unfortunately, even newer teachers enter schools as computer novices, unsure how to make technology effective in education.
Some schools require teachers to participate in a certain amount of training, but the training is not measured by knowledge gained but rather on hours spent.
Third, the "lack of time" to plan lessons that include technology.
If teachers cannot figure out technology on their own, and the training they are given is ineffective, then it becomes an almost impossible task to integrate technology with the learning process.

The public schools in America are under pressure to implement innovative teaching methods to address the scope of challenging behaviors and learning difficulties, as more children are being diagnosed with autism.
The amount of children with an autism classification in special education is rising at near-epidemic proportions.
According to the CDC, the number of 6 to 17-year-old children classified as having an ASD in public special education programs escalated from 22,664 to 193,637 between the years of 1994 and 2004.
They received this information from IDEA accounts.
The Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (IDEA) decides how states and public agencies will provide early intervention, special education and related services to American children with disabilities.
Their records from 2005 show that 6,109,569 children ages 6–21 received services through 13 of the categories in public special education programs.
About 3% (193,637) of these were autistic children.

This book focuses on using English in everyday situations.
Each unit of the book specialises in a particular part of grammar and a vocabulary topic.
Units in this book make use of a variety of reading and listening texts.
Each unit ends with practice exercises which should be attempted before the next unit is attempted.
At the end of every 5 units there is a 'progress test' which revises grammar and vocabulary taught in the previous units.
This book is designed to be read from start to finish however students may prefer to concentrate on a particular area of grammar or vocabulary.
Please see the Aims page for detailed information about the contents of each unit.

In most cases you would simply insert the program CD into your CD-ROM drive.
In most cases, the CD will be automatically recognized as needing to be installed and the install program will automatically begin.
If it does not, you can start the install program by choosing Start from your menu, then choosing Run... Browse to the location of the CD (usually D:), then choose the program listed there called setup.exe (or something similar).
The CD should start installing the desired program.
At times, you may have to input a serial number or other code to verify that you are indeed the owner of a legitimate copy of the software you are attempting to install.
If you have pirated (illegally borrowed) the software, please choose to not install the program.
There are so many "legitimately" free software offering available over the Internet, that it really isn't necessary to use pirated copies.

None of these images depicts an atom "as it is".
This is because it is impossible to even visualize an atom "as it is".
Whereas the best you can do with the images in the first row is to erase them from your memory—they represent a way of viewing the atom that is too simplified for the way we want to start thinking about it—the eight fuzzy images in the next row deserve scrutiny.
Each represents an aspect of a stationary state of atomic hydrogen.
You see neither the nucleus (a proton) nor the electron.
What you see is a fuzzy position.
To be precise, what you see are cloud-like blurs, which are symmetrical about the vertical and horizontal axes, and which represent the atom's internal relative position—the position of the electron relative to the proton "or" the position of the proton relative to the electron.

Another group that gets hit very hard by high mobility are urban children.
Students in inner city schools are more likely to switch schools frequently.
“Approximately 25% of urban third graders were highly mobile compared to approximately one seventh of suburban and rural students” (Walls).
Some urban schools even report student turnover rates from 40% to 80%.
One of the biggest problems for highly mobile students is its effect on the academics of these students.
It could take anywhere from four to six months for mobile students to recover academically from a transfer.
Also they are half as likely to graduate from high school than their non-mobile peers (Walls).

At breakfast, we see Fred, George, and Lee Jordan plotting ways to bypass the Tournament age limit.
Hermione decides to eat breakfast, saying there are better ways to promote Elf rights.
Harry looks for, but does not receive, a message from Sirius Black in the morning post.
In their first class, Herbology, with the Hufflepuffs, they are squeezing pus from Bubotubers.
Their second class is Care of Magical Creatures, with the Slytherins.
Hagrid is teaching them to care for Blast-Ended Skrewts.
The Skrewts scare the entire class, and one burns Dean Thomas, while Lavender Brown discovers some have stingers.

Having a range of symbols to communicate these symbols can be newly combined.
Creativity is the probable most important feature.
Our communication is not restricted to a fixed set of topics or predetermined messages.
The combination of a finite set of symbols to an infinite number of sentences and meaning.
With the infinite number of sentences the creation of novel messages is possible.
How creative the human language is can be illustrated by some simple examples like the process that creates verbs from nouns.
New words can be created, which do not exist so far, but we are able to understand them.

The mash is carefully put into a lauter tun, using some sparge water to keep the surface of the liquid above that of the grain.
This allows the grain to form a "bed" where the spent hulls support each other and form a filtration structure, while the higher temperature of the sparge water stops further enzymatic activity.
Sometimes the mash tun and the lauter tun are one and the same, in which case sparge water is added to the mash to maintain the surface while part of the mash is drained and cycled back into the mash.
Once the mash is completely transferred, or the cycling liquid "runs clear," or has no large particles, the sweet liquid is slowly drained to the boil kettle while fresh sparge water is carefully added to the top of the tun.
When the volume of liquid from the mash is drained, lautering is considered complete.
But, the process is usually continued, and is called sparging.
The resulting liquid can now be called wort.

Welcome to another Wikibook.
As you most likely know, Wikibooks are a division of the Wikimedia foundation (a free open-source media project), and they are generated, edited, proofed, and read by online contributors, fans, and scholars.
Each book is a labor of love on the part of its many creators because no contributor is paid for their works and no person is held in higher regard than his peers.
All wiki products are made for the advancement of knowledge and the spread of intellect.
They are free to every person who can access them.
Every book is edited to perfection by all the thousands of volunteers who process the ideas contained within them.
Now we, the creators, wish to invite you inside this wikibook and to learn about the written word.

Harry inadvertently speaks Voldemort's name, and Snatchers immediately appear.
As the Trio and other captives are taken to Malfoy Manor, Harry sees Voldemort inside a tall tower where an old man (Grindelwald) says he knows what Voldemort wants, but claims he never had it.
With Dobby's help, the Trio, along with the other prisoners, escape Malfoy Manor to Shell Cottage.
While there, the goblin Griphook agrees to help Harry break into Bellatrix Lestrange's Gringotts vault, that Harry now suspects contains another Horcrux.
Mr. Ollivander confirms that Voldemort seeks the Elder Wand, believing it is more powerful against Harry's.
Despite its bloody history, only capture, not murder, is necessary to win the wand's allegiance.
Harry watches as Voldemort removes the Elder Wand from Dumbledore's tomb.

Let S(x) denote the number of squarefree numbers less than or equal to x.
To evaluate this function we begin by counting all integers less than or equal to x.
Then we subtract those that are divisible by 4, those divisible by 9, those divisible by 25, and so on.
We then have removed numbers with 2 repeated prime factors twice those with 3 repeated prime factors 3 times and so on.
To remedy the repetition of the numbers with 2 repeated prime factors we add on the number of integers less than or equal to x divisible by 36, those divisble by 100, those divisible by 225 and so on.
We have now reincluded those with 3 repeated prime factors so we uncount them.
Continuing this process gives

The state machine is a special part within iptables that should really not be called the state machine at all, since it is really a connection tracking machine.
However, most people recognize it under the first name.
Throughout this chapter i will use this names more or less as if they were synonymous.
This should not be overly confusing.
Connection tracking is done to let the Netfilter framework know the state of a specific connection.
Firewalls that implement this are generally called stateful firewalls.
A stateful firewall is generally much more secure than non-stateful firewalls since it allows us to write much tighter rule-sets.

A Van de Graaff generator is basically a pump for electrons (or a "charge pump").
It uses the triboelectric effect to take electrons from one conductor and deposit them on another.
The triboelectric effect is caused when two different materials are brought into contact and then separated.
One material will have more of a tendency to attract extra electrons, and some of the electrons will transfer from one material to the other.
The Van de Graaff generator accomplishes this with a silk or rubber belt held tightly between two rollers of different materials.
As the belt comes into contact with one roller and then separates, it picks up charge from the roller.
When it comes into contact with the other roller and then separates, it deposits the charge.

Let's see why.
Associativity says that .
This should be thought of as a statement about the sum "a" + "b" + "c".
Why?
Because usually addition is just defined between two things, so someone writes down something like some people may first add "b" and "c" first then add in "a", and other people might add "a" and "b" first and then add in "c".
This property says (using a formula) that it doesn't matter which way you do it.

If the incoming polarization is parallel to a fast axis of a wave plate a φ interference pattern is visible on the detector.
Between A and B there is a phase difference of π.
If α is random then there is no φ pattern.
C can be explained as having no interference pattern or being the sum of two interference pattern A and B which have a phase difference of π, which when added does not show an pattern.
According classical rules both explanations are right.
Also the Walborn article mentions that the result of setup 2 is the sum of setup 3 and 4.

<doc id="437983" url="https://en.wikibooks.org/wiki?curid=437983" title="Chess Opening Theory/1.
e4/1...e5/2.
Nf3/2...Nc6/3.
Bc4/3...Nf6/4.
Ng5/4...Bc5/5.
Nxf7">

In "Episode III" Gaignun's story comes full circle resulting in his eventual redemption when he comes to terms with what he is and had always been, Albedo arriving as a Testament during Yuriev's power bid after kidnapping Abel and the Zohar sheds some light on the fact that Gaignun had presumably let his own father take control of his body during the takeover with the thoughts of making his father proud somehow.
As Albedo and Jr. initiate a link in order for Gaignun to be sent into Jr.'s body whilst Albedo in his Testament form would be sent into another dimension with their father Yuriev still in Gaignun's body.
Gaignun however seeing through Albedo's feelings during this link expresses that he does not like taking orders and makes a desperate attempt at switching this vis a vis of minds around however resulting in Albedo's mind being thrown into Jr.'s body evidently reuniting the twin brothers for the first time in one body since their very birth.
Saying his farewells to Rubedo/Jr.
inside of Albedo's Testament body, Gaignun shows his brother his true form and tells him that his duty to keep watch over him has now ended or rather that he had wanted it to be over, but admits that if he had denied his nature in the end he would have been literally denying his own existence regardless.
Jr. makes a last-ditch attempt at saving him by telling him they were always friends as Gaignun/Nigredo offer's to him that he'd like to play with his brothers again someday as he is sent into another dimension.

"CoTW" tends to favour the use of magic in combat, as spells are the only weapons that work from a distance (there are no bows).
The player character automatically gains a spell with each level-up, and can permanently gain another using the corresponding book (found or purchased), until he learns all the 30 spells that he can learn.
(The maximum level is also 30.)
There are two opposing pairs of elements: cold vs. fire, and lightning vs. acid/poison.
(The player has no acid/poison attacks, but some monsters do.)
The spells are divided into seven categories.

A name to a glitch that allows Cyan to attack enemies over and over again.
First, Cyan must use Retort.
Next, he must be turned into an Imp, and killed with a physical blow (he can be weakened with Magic attacks, but the killing blow must be physical.
If Cyan is attacked physically before he is killed, he must use Retort again).
Now revive the dead, Imped Cyan, and have anyone use the Fight command.
Cyan will begin to attack over and over again.

The staff at the Ballarat Telephone Exchange — Mr J. McNeil, manager; Mr Harris, telephone inspector; Messrs Morgan, King, and Cutter, operators — have received instructions that their services are to be dispensed with, the operators having the option of continuing their duties on condition that they undergo one of the Public Service Board examinations.
Whether this examination is to be of the clerical or non-clerical order has not been stated.
On Friday Mr W. P. Bechervaise, as city post and telegraph master, took over on behalf of his department the telephone offices and appliances in use in Ballarat.
It seems that an impression has prevailed for a considerable time among the employees at the telephone exchanges in the colony that the Government would on purchasing the system retain a number if not all of the hands in the employ of the vending company, as they had according to all-round reports given every satisfaction to subscribers, but that in all future engagements applicants would, before being taken on, have to submit to a clerical or non-clerical examination.
We hear that the case of the Ballarat telephone office employees is to be brought under the notice of the Government, with the view of bringing about an arrangement which, if carried out, would give satisfaction to the staffs engaged in all the exchanges in the colony.
In the Ballarat Exchange one of the employees has worked hard for five years in order to render himself thoroughly conversant with the working of the machinery, and his case was to have been brought under the notice of Mr Smibert, deputy Postmaster-General, yesterday.

You may be a good radio engineer, but can you prove it?
Recently there has been a strong call for radio engineers to serve their country in connection with the construction and maintenance of radio location equipment.
Wonderful scope is offered, together with quite good pay and excellent conditions, apart from the patriotic appeal.
Many of our readers have responded and are now on the job, but one or two have found to their amazement that they have not been able to prove their ability.
Although thoroughly capable on the practical side they have not possessed any university degrees or diplomas.
When faced with a qualifying examination they have not been able to fully reveal their ability, and wish that they had taken the precaution of associating themselves with an organisation of some kind, such as a radio college, technical school or that worthy organisation, the Institution of Radio Engineers.

The 2015 decision to locate Sydney's second airport in Badgerys Creek was not the first time that site had been considered.
In 1964, the State Planning Authority (SPA) had placed a "No Development Zone" around Badgerys Creek for a period of 20 years to allow the state and federal governments adequate time to plan both the airport and the infrastructure serving it.
In 1986, the Labor Federal Government led by Prime Minister Bob Hawke had shortlisted Badgerys Creek and Wilton as the site for the second airport - where Badgerys Creek was later selected.
The federal government began quickly acquiring land at Badgerys Creek in anticipation of this, however, in 1989, it was instead decided to increase the capacity of Sydney Kingsford Smith airport by constructing a third runway.
It was not until the Liberal Federal Government led by Prime Minister John Howard that the idea of a second Sydney airport was revived - where sites in Holsworthy and Badgerys Creek were considered.
In 1999, Badgerys Creek was reaffirmed as the proposed site of the second airport - but in 2000 the decision to not proceed with the second airport was made.

This case saw a man take a sudden, previously non-existent interest in child pornography, making sexual advances towards his step-daughter and staff at a sexual rehabilitation centre despite a strong contradiction to his own moral compass.
He was subsequently sentenced to prison for child molestation.
After experiencing strong headaches and an uneven gait, he underwent a neurological exam, revealing a tumour that had displaced his right orbitofrontal lobe.
The tumour was removed and mere hours later his behaviour and gait had returned to normal.
Later, his sexual deviancy recommenced and he began to experience more headaches, with brain scans indicating the tumour had returned.
After having it removed, he appeared to have been cured again.

“Vide,” il continuat, “Vide, ili es mem plu acut quam antey.
Con ti-ci e ti-ci” il dit, tuchante li canin dentes, “On posse morder li litt infantes.
Esque tu crede nu, amico John?” Denov un argumentativ sentiment levat se in me.
Quam scientist e doctor, un tal idé yo ne posset accepter.
Ma yo possedet null bon argument in contra.
Ne credente me self in ti moment yo totvez dit:

DEVONPORT.
. . . .
Success in Wireless: Mr. G. Kempling, of Devonport, has received word that his son, Mr. Allen G. Kempling, has arrived in Hobart from South Australia to supervise the installation of a wireless plant there.
Mr. Kempling has had much success the wireless world, and some time ago was superintendent at Willis Island station, off the coast of Queensland.
It is interesting to note that more than one Devonport boy has been making good in wireless, including Mr. W. Scanlon, who is engaged in the work at Launceston.
Mr. Scanlon, who was in Devonport recently, visited Mr. Laurence Jensen's installation at his father's residence, Middle road, and expressed himself in very complimentary terms of Mr. Jensen's efforts, as the installation, which had proved very effective, was nearly all made by the young enthusiast, who should have a future to look forward to when wireless comes into its own, as it promises in the near future to do.

From this study it can be acknowledged that a UTM exercise regime proves to be just a effective as a home exercise program, in reducing pain associated with knee arthritis in obese individuals.
However it was concluded that UTM doesn't lead to short term symptomatic functional benefits, but suggests further research would be required to prove this long term.
The exercise intervention used isn't crucial to the condition management with each having advantages and disadvantages.
Aquatic UTM exercise offers variety, yet is situated at a public pool and can be expensive.
Home exercises are convenient and easy to perform, but aren't professionally supervised and patients can become unmotivated, and exercises repetitive.
Therefore patients may choose an avenue best suited to their preference, situation and personal circumstances.

<doc id="397200" url="https://en.wikibooks.org/wiki?curid=397200" title="Chess Opening Theory/1.
e4/1...e5/2.
Nf3/2...Nc6/3.
Bb5/3...a6/4.
Ba4/4...b5/5.
Bb3/5...Na5">

Linder-Vanberschot, J.
A., Borden, A. M., &amp; Pagels, A. L. (2009).
Marketing online learning for a global campus: An international research exploration.
In U. Demiray &amp; N. S. Sever (Eds.
), The challenges for marketing distance education in online environment.
Turkey: Anadolu University.

Indifference curves have a roughly similar shape in two ways: 1) they are downward sloping from left to right; 2) they are convex with respect to the origin.
In other words, they are steeper on the left and flatter on the right.
The downward slope of the indifference curve means that Lilly must trade off less of one good to get more of the other, while holding utility constant.
For example, points A and B sit on the same indifference curve Um, which means that they provide Lilly with the same level of utility.
Thus, the marginal utility that Lilly would gain from, say, increasing her consumption of books from two to three must be equal to the marginal utility that she would lose if her consumption of doughnuts was cut from 120 to 84—so that her overall utility remains unchanged between points A and B.
Indeed, the slope along an indifference curve is referred to as the marginal rate of substitution, which is the rate at which a person is willing to trade one good for another so that utility will remain the same.

Recall that a predicate can be thought of as a function whose values are either True or False.
More specifically, they take objects in our 'universe of discourse' as inputs, and produce truth values as outputs.
In mathematics the universe of discourse consists of mathematical objects such as the sets and numbers mentioned above.
Notice that logic does require this, nor does it require that universe of discourse have anything to do with the actual universe.
So there is no logical reason to make the assumption that there are any objects in the universe of discourse at all.
Whether the actual universe has any objects is a matter for physicists to decide.

In order to speed up the sorting, facing, and postmarking of mail, in the early 1960's the U.S.
Postal Service began experimenting with luminescent (fluorescent and phosphorescent) coatings on adhesive stamps.
With meters, experiments using fluorescent inks were carried out by Pitney-Bowes in the late 1960's.
In September 1972, Pitney-Bowes was awarded a contract from the U.S.P.S to distribute special samples of a machine-detectable postage meter ink to 240,000 meter users.
Metered mail using this fluorescent ink can be detected by the same sorting and facing equipment used for postage stamps.
Therefore, those pieces of metered mail not bundled by the mailer can be sorted and faced together with ordinary adhesive stamped mail.

In summary, the MVCC technology creates more and more versions of the same row in the table's heap file and leaves them there, even after a codice_3 command.
Only the youngest version is relevant for all future transactions.
But the system must also preserve some of the older ones for a short time because they could still be requested by transactions that had started before the deleting transaction and hence have a smaller XID.
Over time, also the older ones goes out of scope for ALL transactions and therefore become ultimately unnecessary.
Nevertheless, they do exist physically on the disk and occupy space.
They are called "dead rows" and are part of the so-called "bloat".

The U.S. has the highest incarceration rate in the world.
The ideals or purpose of any given prison, whether it be reformation and rehabilitation or deterrence and incapacitation, determine the availability of opportunities in the facility many times.
Correctional education has been found to reduce recidivism and increase employment of inmates after release.
Tablets provide educational, vocational, entertainment, and communication services that help keep inmates up to date on current events, potentially further increase employment while reducing recidivism, inmate violence, and prison costs.
If tablets for correctional education are to be widely adopted, opposition to them must be understood and addressed.
Differing opinions about the role of prison could prevent tablet technology from being used.

In some text editors, such as sublime (link at the bottom), you can comment out large sections of code by highlighting the code and pressing ctrl+/.
It doesn't matter what language you are coding in, if you have the file saved and sublime knows what file type it is, it will automatically put the right comment syntax in for you.
This is useful, if you have not fully completed a function, for example and need to run/test the program.
If you try running the program without commenting it out it will obviously throw an error (unless the function does do something, just not what you want it to).
Commenting it out will mean that the program will not see the function and also means you don't have to delete it , meaning you can carry on right where you left off when you continue to edit.
(To uncomment large sections in sublime, just highlight the text and press the same keys).

A study in 2009 by the Journal of Youth Studies explored University students use of Facebook as a platform for creating and maintaining "friendships" and engaging with family on Facebook.
Most importantly it explored the students definition of web as a public and private space.
Their findings were interesting; denying parents friends requests was a common theme however the underlying issue was confused notions and discrepancies when asked about online privacy vs public.
Students did not appear to conceive of there being two distinct realms of public and privacy on Facebook: the ‘public’ appeared to be the individual's private social world.
They found that the extensive use of this type of social media and the internet in general had replaced traditional public/private definitions and awareness and had blurred the lines between the two worlds.
The study found that internet based communication and friendships appear to have induced this confusion as users cannot tell between their own private and public worlds on social media showing its profound effect on us.

During a hydrotherapy session, the patient will run through set exercises or simply be allowed to soak.
Through slight movements, natural water stimulation and water temperatures they will experience ease through movements and enhanced flexibility.
Modern hydrotherapy rehabilitation centres have complete control over the environment.
Water temperature is one and is a vital with RA treatment.
For therapeutic recovery, 34.4 degree waters are ideal.
Warmer waters will increase pain threshold and decrease stiffness allowing more ease of movement.

A down-side of gamification is that it can potentially ruin motivation.
A person’s motivation can be "intrinsic" (doing the task for its own sake) or "extrinsic" (based on external incentives such as pay or prizes).
A well-replicated finding in psychology is that extrinsic motivation decreases intrinsic motivation.
In other words, if someone is already enthusiastic to contribute, heaping them with prizes and incentives will make them less likely to contribute, or do their best work, in future.
Incentives seem to draw attention to themselves rather than to the benefit created by the work.
Contributors may come to see themselves as working for the incentives rather than for the good of the work itself and its outcomes.

 For a large and complex program, time is normally a strong element in reaching the intended goals.
This is because available resources are usually limited, and some tasks must happen before others can be started.
Our chosen overall goals, of post-scarcity conditions, freedom from forced work, and sustainability, are large and complex enough to require considerable time to reach.
By their nature, self-expanding systems are also not static.
So the content of the four top-level and thirty second-level functions listed above will change over time for a given location, project, or program.
To simplify the design tasks for such complex and changing systems, we divide them by time into phases and growth steps, in addition to breaking down functions into levels of detail.

OK, let's get back to coding.
Where were we?
Ah, yes.
We explained data types such as integers and strings.
But would it be cool if we could store data in some way, after your computer already stored data in files on a hard disk, on memory, online, etc.
Data changes all the time, so storage is a must.

WARNING - Many types of welding produce harmful UV light, fumes, and hot sparks, and all produce a lot of heat.
You should therefore have suitable goggles, face mask, respirator, gloves, and heat-protective clothing like gloves and aprons.
Some welders require dedicated or upgraded electric power to operate.
Electric types have shock risk, and all type have fire risk.
Work areas should be well ventilated against fumes and heat build-up.
Basic welding machines include:

WHO (World Health Organization).
1996.
"Trace Elements in Human Nutrition and Health."
Geneva: WHO.
pp.
144–154.

There are two kinases which play central roles in the spindle assembly checkpoint that occurs during metaphase in mitosis that we will discuss, even though there are at least fifteen proteins involved in this process altogether.
Kinases are enzymatic proteins that transfer phosphate groups from high energy donors, to lower energy acceptors.
The two that are highly involved in the checkpoint are BUB1, which stands for budding uninhibited by benzimidazole 1, and BUBR1, which stands for budding uninhibited by benzimidazole-related 1, also called BUB1B.
These two proteins, BUB1 and BUBR1, are very similar, due to the fact that they are paralogs, meaning they came from the same ancestor and evolved to slightly different proteins.
/but even for paralogs these two share many common attributes and their amino acid composition is basically the same, yet they perform different functions.
This is due to the difference in their structures.

"Even among experts in international law there are differing opinions.
"Law makes the man and, now, it is essential to initiate political action, strengthen international opinion campaigns that ensure that the DESC and justice are payable and executable and also finally to succeed in seeing to it that international law declares the illegality of poverty.
Almost all of the states that are part of the United Nations have incorporated the DESC in their constitutions, laws or international commitments through treaties.
Nevertheless the courts, tribunals and the national legislation implemented do not recognize, in most cases, measures of protection for these rights.
And if there is no penalty when you do not meet a standard that has been approved and endorsed in the legislation, it is normal that the respect for rights will fail and other methods and interests will prevail.
At the expense of civil and democratic growth and the welfare of all humanity.

2.
Cobra = We slowly bow forward.
We lay on the ground.
We base our head on the hands.
We highlight the knees slightly and swing the feet back and forth.
We count in the kidneys the numbers 1 to 20.

There are different innovative aspects and effects which 2XU explains further on its website.
There are different types of garments with variable fibre material depending on pressure and thermal aspects resulting in different compression levels.
Moisture management increases the airflow, lightens the weight and for optimal moisture transfer.
The hydro dynamic effect makes it possible to prevent water penetration from the outside with the effect of making the garments lighter and faster in the water.
Also during extreme weather conditions the 2XU compression garments remaining thermal regulated, water resistant, breathable at all times and comfortable during wearing.
There are also different kinds of knit form offering the customer the optimal wearing comfort.

A complex number is something that has both real and imaginary parts.
So what is an imaginary number?
an imaginary number is represented as j. j2 = -1 so -10.5 = j.
Using j all quadratics can be solved.
this makes j a very powerful and usable idea.
j is not a prime.

In 1999, the World Bank allocated $191 million to India for the Second National HIV/AIDS Control Project.
The project was aimed at reducing the spread of HIV infection in India and strengthening India's capacity to respond to HIV epidemic on long term basis, specifically targeting high risk groups like female sex workers and injecting drug users, promoting awareness campaigns, and strengthening local hospital and clinic infrastructure.
The Second National HIV/AIDS Control Project was administered by NACO, an agency within the Government of India’s Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
NACO delegates responsibilities to local agencies, State AIDS Control Societies, that purchase supplies such as HIV testing kits from independent suppliers.
The selection of these partner organizations was supposed to be competitive and transparent to ensure their credibility, yet the evidence suggests corruption in the awarding of supplier contracts.
Dr. Saha was asked by the Department of Institutional Integrity to serve as an investigator to examine the status of the Second National AIDS Control Project with respect to HIV/AIDS testing in India and to assess the controls for corruption.

Interactions between miRISC and mRNA result in mRNA decay by deadenylation and it is influenced especially by the GW182 protein in the miRISC.
GW182 protein interaction with a protein complex CCR4-NOT1 deadenylase complex together they remove an adenyl group from the poly A tail.
After deadenylation the 5' terminal cap is removed.
The mRNA is then degraded and can no longer go through translation.
Much of this mechanism is still unknown and it is predicted that other factors take place in this process but have not yet been discovered.
Current research has provided only insights to these processes and their mechanisms.

Only a decade after pursuing HSR technology and infrastructure, the Chinese’ set the world speed record and are now aggressively seeking to export its technology to other parts of the world.
Such glorious success has wowed the world.
Chinese HSR success is often used to support the development of high speed rail in the United States.
However, the success in terms of rapid development in high speed rail technology and expansion of the high speed rail network in China has come with great problems.
By skipping technology mastery and going straight to rapid deployment, questions have been raised in terms of the financial justification for the project which resulted in huge deficit for the Ministry of Railway and safety and environmental concerns.
The Wenzhou crash, in which dozens died, has raised great concerns for safety and the policy issues surrounding the rapid progress.

The Métis are one of the Aboriginal peoples in Canada who trace their descent to mixed European and First Nations parentage.
The term was historically a catch-all describing the offspring of any such union, but within generations the culture syncretised into what is today a distinct Aboriginal peoples in Canada|indigenous group, with formal recognition equal to that of the Inuit and First Nations.
Mothers were often Cree, Ojibway, Algonquin people|Algonquin, Saulteaux, Menominee, Mi'kmaq people|Mi'kmaq or Maliseet.
At one time there was an important distinction between French Métis born of francophone "Voyageurs|voyageur" fathers, and the Anglo Métis or Countryborn descended from Scotland|Scottish fathers.
Today these two cultures have essentially coalesced into one Métis tradition.
Other former names—many of which are now considered to be offensive—include Bois-Brûlés, Mixed-bloods, Half-breeds, Bungi, Black Scots and Jackatars.

In eukaryotes, nuclear chromosomes are packaged by proteins into a condensed structure called chromatin.
This allows the very long DNA molecules to fit into the cell nucleus.
The structure of chromosomes and chromatin varies through the cell cycle.
Chromosomes are the essential unit for cellular division and must be replicated, divided, and passed successfully to their daughter cells so as to ensure the genetic diversity and survival of their progeny.
Chromosomes may exist as either duplicated or unduplicated.
Unduplicated chromosomes are single linear strands, whereas duplicated chromosomes (copied during synthesis phase) contain two copies joined by a centromere.

Newly synthesized mRNA molecules are known as primary transcripts or pre-mRNA.
They must undergo post-transcriptional modification in the nucleus before being exported to the cytoplasm; mRNA that appears in the cytoplasm without these modifications is degraded rather than used for protein translation.
The three main modifications are 5' capping, 3' polyadenylation, and RNA splicing.
While in the nucleus, pre-mRNA is associated with a variety of proteins in complexes known as heterogeneous ribonucleoprotein particles (hnRNPs).
Addition of the 5' cap occurs co-transcriptionally and is the first step in post-transcriptional modification.
The 3' poly-adenine tail is only added after transcription is complete.

-An approach to modifying existing NRPS systems could be accomplished by changing the amino acid activating module.
The recombination method for changing the module involves two steps.
The gene that codes for the activating module is targeted and is replaced with a hybrid gene.
The hybrid gene codes for a new activating module that recognizes different substrates.
The new substrate specificity results in different amino acids that are substituted into the NRP product.
This approach was successfully used to re-engineer a surfactin synthetase found in B. subtilis

The newest hedgerows contain hawthorn because of its easy planting, rapid growth and dense low crown.
It will stand any amount of lopping and trimming forming a dense interlacing network of twigs which make the hedge almost impenetrable.
The trunk is often fluted and of minimum circumference giving little timber for a fair size of tree; thrives best on limy dry loam but will grow on most soils.
It is wind-firm, frost hardy and bears a considerable degree of shade.
It is long-lived and the wood is tough, strong and durable in the open.
Hazel coppice working has almost died out although there is a revival for spar making for thatch makers.

“Know therefore today that it is Yahweh your God who is crossing over before you as a consuming fire.
He will destroy them and He will subdue them before you, so that you may drive them out and destroy them quickly, just as Yahweh has spoken to you.
Do not say in your heart when Yahweh your God has driven them out before you, - ‘Because of my righteousness Yahweh has brought me in to possess this land,’ but it is BECAUSE of the wickedness of these nations that Yahweh is dispossessing them before you.
It is not for your righteousness or for the uprightness of your heart that you are going to possess their land, but it is BECAUSE of the wickedness of these nations that Yahweh your God is driving them out before you, in order to confirm the oath which Yahweh swore to your fathers, to Abraham,Isaac and Jacob.
Know, then, it is not BECAUSE of your righteousness that Yahweh your God is giving you this good land to possess, for you are a stubborn people.
“

The fortification program was estimated to raise a person’s folic acid intake level by 70–130 µg/day, however an increase of almost double that amount was actually observed.
This could be from the fact that many foods are over fortified by 160–175% the predicted value.
In addition, much of the elder population take supplements which adds 400 µg to their daily folic acid intake.
This is a concern because 70-80% of the population have detectable levels of unmetabolized folic acid in their blood and high intakes can accelerate the growth of preneoplasmic lesions.
It is still unknown the amount of folic acid supplementation that might cause harm.
However, if Canada is going to continue fortifying the food supply they may want to consider decreasing the amount in foods and supplements from 400 µg to 100 or 50 µg.

According to Marinus de Jonge, the word “Messiah” or its Hebrew form "hammasiah" is usually translated into Greek as "the Christ" (de Jonge 777).
There has always been a strong emphasis on Jewish expectations of the Messiah.
Jesus’ lineage helps reveal that he, in fact, fits the description of the Messiah found in the Old Testament (e.g., in Isaiah).
This is due to two important connections found in his lineage; Abraham and David.
Though Jesus may not have been what was expected, but from about 63 B.C.
until the present, the common belief was that the Messiah was to be the son of David.

Once inside the cell the steroid hormone binds with a specific receptor found only in the cytoplasm of the target cell.
The receptor bound steroid hormone then travels into the nucleus and binds to another specific receptor on the chromatin.
Once bound to the chromatin, this steroid hormone-receptor complex calls for the production of messenger RNA (mRNA) molecules through a process called transcription.
The mRNA molecules are then modified and transported to the cytoplasm.
The mRNA molecules code for the production of proteins through a process called translation.
(movie).

Whyville is an educational virtual world designed for use by preteens.
It is accessed for free via the Internet.
The registered users or citizens of Whyville interact with each other in a simulation based environment.
In this virtual world, citizens learn about topics ranging from the art, geography, business and science.
Whyville is designed for users to play games, role play and chat in a virtual world that was designed for the purpose of education.
Whyville is sponsored by government, corporate and non-profit entities.

No other can share His nature.
Without beginning, without an end.
Unto Him is all strength and majesty.
He is my living God, my Rock when grief or sorrows fall.
My banner and my Refuge strong, My cup of life whenever I call.
And in His hand I place my both my body and soul for His keeping.

Yahweh's law is eternal and is a depiction of His own character and nature and His just requirement for mankind.
Its essence will never change.
But to attempt to be righteous, to measure up to God's standard in our own right is a complete affront to the Almighty.
It is akin to Satan's effort to be like the Most High.
How dare we attempt to be righteous in our own merit.
Yet, this is what the enemy will seek to have us do, either arrogantly or in ignorance and deception.

In their article "The Relationship Between Language and Culture," Wendy Jones and Isabella Lorenzo-Hubert offer the following suggestions for preserving language and culture that all reflect intense family involvement as the cornerstone, "Whenever possible ensure that signs, memos, announcements, or materials are translated into the families' preferred languages; use interpreters or bilingual staff trained in interpretation when conveying information orally, and use translators or qualified bilingual staff to provide information in written formats; encourage bilingual staff and families to assist staff members who are not bilingual to learn and use basic phrases (e.g.
hello, good-bye, thank you) in the languages of the families that participate in the program" (Jones &amp; Lorenzo-Hubert, 2008, p. 14).
Thus, a daunting task is made palatable by a mere focus on a parent-staff relationship and a utilization of community resources.
At the same time, access to bilingual teachers is not always readily available, but evidence suggests that fully bilingual teachers are not essential to maintenance of a child's first language (Hernandez, Denton, Macartney, 2008, p. 5).
As previously expressed, what is most essential is a dedication to encouraging families to "talk, read, and sing with the child in the parents' home language, and to use the home language in everyday activities" (Hernandez "et al.
", 2008, p. 6) as a part of the inclusive learning environment.

You could keep going, but you are going to find out some hard truths, and you probably have no time to waste getting every thing done.
If you want a proof that what you are doing is futile, read the note.
[Note 1.]
What most problems mean by factoring an expression is to simply make it so that equation (3) is easy to solve.
That is, let formula_44.
From there:

Accents should have more air behind them, but also are produced by tonguing harder.
This will push more air at the beginning of the note.
A sforzando is simply an exaggerated accent.
An accent is indicated by a symbol looking a bit like &gt; above or below the note.
A sforzando is indicated by sf or sfz below the note.
fp or sfp indicate that a note should be played sforzando then quickly reduced to piano (quiet).

In Irish, there are two verbs for "to be".
One of them should actually be called a part of speech of its own, and is called the copula.
The name is cognate with the English word "couple" and serves the purpose of combining two notions - two nouns, a noun and a pronoun, or a pronoun and a pronoun.
Copula tells us who somebody is, or what something is.
For telling what somebody or something is like, or where she, her or it is, we use another verb "to be", which is more like a proper verb, not such a particular part of speech as the copula.
It is called the substantive verb.

These two selections show that American literature, even before the Revolution, came to be something more than an imitation of English literature.
No critic could say that they might as well have been written in London as in Virginia.
They also show how much eighteenth-century prose had improved in form.
Even in England, modern prose may almost be said to begin with John Dryden, who died at the beginning of the eighteenth century.
In addition to improvement in form, we may note the appearance of a new quality: humor.
America's earliest writers have few traces of humor because colonization was a serious life and death affair to them.

First contact!
We learn how to say “hello” and how to introduce ourselves.
And I think this is also one of the very first podcasts of the SpanishPod team.
At least Leo seems to feel a bit uncomfortable in front of the mic.
Well, there is always a first time.
The keyword is llamarse – to call oneself.

Before Washington and his troops left, Benjamin Rush had come in an attempt to cheer up the General.
While he was there he saw a note Washington had written which said "Victory or Death".
Those words would be the watchword for the surprise attack.
The terrible weather conditions delayed the landing in New Jersey, which were supposed to be completed by 12:00 am until 3:00 am, and Washington realized it would be impossible to launch a pre-dawn attack.
Another setback also occurred for the Americans.
Both General Cadwalder and Ewing were unable to join in the attack due to the weather conditions.

A cave can provide a very useful shelter because it can provide protection from wind, rain and snow and maintains a constant internal temperature.
Unfortunately, caves can present additional problems such as ground water, dampness, disease, and wildlife.
Histoplasmosis, Blastomycosis, and Coccidiomycosis are several fungi found in caves that can infect the eyes and lungs of cavers.
If bird or bat droppings are prevalent, you may want to find a different survival shelter to avoid these fungi.
Bats often roost in caves and through their bite they can transmit rabies and other terminal illnesses.
Bears also make dens in caves, so before you settle down in one, you should check it thoroughly for signs of inhabitance.

Racism also contributes to conflicts between schools, poor and minority children and families.
For example, when schools represent an Anglo centric and middle-class viewpoint, students and their families often feel devalued.
This experience is common to many Spanish speaking children.
Instead of building children's confidence and self-esteem, school compromises their learning ability by rejecting their language and culture.
Even more serious, by degrading the culture of poor and minority children, teachers encourage a threatening cultural choice: identify with family and friends and stay out of the school, or embrace school and face social isolation.
The result is that many young children go for family and friends and end up without an education.

Icelandic is the mother tongue of about 320,000 people in the world.
It is the only official language of the Republic of Iceland.
The language has existed for a very long time, though called different names (such as Old Norse).
Icelandic is one of the most unchanged and purest languages in the world.
It is said that a speaker of Icelandic would be able to talk with a Viking hundreds of years ago without much difficulty.
A speaker of Icelandic can also read the sagas without much difficulty either.

Students who visit the library’s web site may find it difficult to locate the appropriate resources.
By adding these features to the CMS, students are able to quickly locate library resources and communicate with a librarian.
While these tools can also be put on the library’s web site, many students may not visit the library’s web site when doing research.
Instead, they may first go to Google or another search engine.
In the end, adding a library component to the CMS may result in more students using library resources.
When this occurs in large scale or small scale online learning initiatives, the role of the is definitely enhanced.

According to Hermione, only a powerful magical object like the Basilisk fang that Harry used to stab Tom Riddle's Diary can destroy a Horcrux.
While the Trio will desperately search for another equally powerful, but as yet unknown, object that can also do the job, considering that they are intensely discussing this among themselves, it seems rather odd that no one, particularly Hermione, thinks to bring Basilisk fangs on their mission.
There is still ample time and opportunity to retrieve these from the Chamber of Secrets beneath Hogwarts castle.
Although Hogwarts will fall under Voldemort's control later in the book, it is currently headed by Professor McGonagall, the acting Headmistress, and therefore still possible for the Trio to secretly enter, though Death Eaters are likely watching it and for Harry.
And while a return to Hogwarts may be somewhat risky, it is certainly far less dangerous and complicated than when, several chapters ahead, the Trio invades the Ministry of Magic, and, later, their breaking into Gringotts Bank, to retrieve Horcruxes.
When the Trio does return to Hogwarts near the book's conclusion, it is Ron who remembers the Basilisk fangs and fetches some from the Chamber to destroy a Horcrux.

The exploration of the atom was well and truly inward bound by this time and, as access to greater amounts of energy became available, the journey of physics moved further and further into the study of subatomic particles.
Careful observation, analysis, imagination and creativity throughout the early part of the twentieth century developed a more complete picture of the nature of electromagnetic radiation and matter.
The journey taken into the world of the atom has not remained isolated in laboratories.
The phenomena discovered by physicists have, with increasing speed, been channelled into technologies, such as computers, to which society has ever-increasing access.
These technologies have, in turn, often assisted physicists in their search for further knowledge and understanding of natural phenomena at the sub-atomic level.
This module increases students’ understanding of the history, nature and practice of physics and the applications and uses of physics, the implications of physics for society and the environment, and the current issues, research and developments in physics.

When the gel electrophoresis has completed its run the gel is stained to allow for the bands of sample to be seen and analyzed.
Stains that are normally used are Ethidium Bromide, silver, or coomassie blue dye depending on the sample.
The gels are cafefully removed and placed directly into staining solution where it will sit overnight to allow for proper staining.
Once fully stained bands should appear if samples were run correctly along with a molecular mass marker be placed on one or both ends of the gel to provide proper analysis.This method of protein separation and identification is useful because very little protein is needed to determine a difference in a protein.
Distinct spots can be found with as little as 0.1 mg of protein when stained with Coommasie blue and even less (0.02 mg), is need when silver staining.
Other methods of staining are Fluorescent dyes, and zinc or copper staining.

Bilbo Baggins is the main character in The Hobbit.
Bilbo is also a supporting character in The Lord of the Rings, being a ring-bearer.
He is a hobbit of The Shire and lives in a hobbit-hole known as Bag End.
Bag End was a luxurious home built by Bilbo's father, Bungo Baggins for Bilbo's mother, Belladonna Took.
Bilbo lived a comfortable life in his neighborhood in The Shire, not interested in any adventures taking him away from his village, until he was hired by Thorin and Company on the Quest of Erebor, where he went on an adventure to reclaim the dwarves' lost treasure.
On the way, under the Misty Mountains, he found the One Ring and kept it for decades until he gave it up to Frodo for it to be destroyed, since the only thing stopping Sauron was the ring being away from him.

This requirement can really be divided into two phases: field work, and lab work.
The field work comes first, and it consists of going out into the wild and finding as many insects as you can.
Do not worry about identifying them.
Photograph as many as you can.
If they are too difficult to photograph, capture them and bring them back to the "lab" where you can refrigerate them as described previously.
The "lab work" is when you sit down and attempt to identify the insects you have captured, either photographically, or physically.

In an evaluation of its programme in four African countries, Worldlinks.
an organization that promotes project-based, international telecollaboration activities among secondary school teachers and students from developing countries, it was found that despite efforts to make the programme gender neutral, gender inequalities in access persist in Uganda and Ghana.
Furthermore, while girls benefited more from the programme in terms of improved academic performance and communication skills, boys were able to hone their technological skills more.
A complex of economic, organizational, and sociocultural factors account for these differences: “High student-to-computer ratios and first come-first serve policies do not favour girls (typically heavily outnumbered by boys at the secondary level), girls have earlier curfew hours and domestic chore responsibilities which limit their access time, and local patriarchal beliefs tend to allow boys to dominate the computer lab environment.”.
Measures proposed to address this gender bias include encouraging schools to develop “fair use” policies in computer labs, conducting gender sensitivity sessions, and advocating for reducing the after-school duties of girls to give them more time to use the computer lab.
Girls also need to have female role models to inspire them to participate in technology-related activities.

Note: in CSS1 the initial value for is .
Under CSS2.1 this changes to .
This property should be explicitly set for all element types that can occur in a document to ensure consistency between different implementations.
Most web browsers will set appropriate values for elements in (X)HTML documents.
(See Appendix D of the CSS 2.1 Specification for the suggested values.)
In XML documents use a rule such as

Sympathetic nerves originate inside the vertebral column, toward the middle of the spinal cord in the intermediolateral cell column (or lateral horn), beginning at the first thoracic segment of the spinal cord and extending into the second or third lumbar segments.
Because its cells begin in the thoracic and lumbar regions of the spinal cord, the SNS is said to have a thoracolumbar outflow.
Axons of these nerves leave the spinal cord in the ventral branches (rami) of the spinal nerves, and then separate out as 'white rami' (so called from the shiny white sheaths of myelin around each axon) which connect to two chain ganglia extending alongside the vertebral column on the left and right.
These elongated ganglia are also known as paravertebral ganglia or sympathetic trunks.
In these hubs, connections (synapses) are made which then distribute the nerves to major organs, glands, and other parts of the body.
[1]

Harry awakens in the Hospital Wing to find his teammates, still in their muddy uniforms, surrounding his bed.
Gryffindor lost, but Harry learns that Diggory has demanded a rematch.
Wood, however, admitted Gryffindor had been beaten, and Cedric's request had been denied.
Harry is depressed over his first Quidditch match loss.
Madam Pomfrey ousts everyone except Ron and Hermione, who say it was Professor Dumbledore who stopped Harry's fall and banished the Dementors from the pitch.
Unfortunately, Harry's Nimbus 2000 was blown into the Whomping Willow and destroyed.

Most expatriate parents of school age children opt to send them to fee paying independent International schools in the territory or to an English Schools’ Foundation school.
The latter are partially subsidized by the government but still charge a fee.
ESF and other international secondary schools typically charge fees of between $70,000-$120,000 per year, with places at ESF primary schools costing about $50,000 per year.
Another option is to enroll your child in a Direct Subsidy Scheme school as although these schools receive government funding, they enjoy much greater freedom over the syllabus that they offer and the students that they can accept than other schools, and they charge lower fees than independent or ESF schools.
Note, however, that the Hong Kong government is intent on reducing or eliminating much of its funding for these private kinds of school.
NETS also complain about the application fee to seek a place, and the competition to secure a place over local students and those coming across the mainland border for schooling.

Some verbs require the use of dative/accusative and thus the use of 'ko'.
Such verb is "to know - janna" (as spanish "conocer", italian "conoscere" or german "kennen"), there are of course other verbs of that sort as for example "to give".
"I give the book to the girl" -&gt; To whom do I give the book?
-&gt; to the girl (or even just 'the girl') -&gt; dative, so "ladki ko"...
I'm sure I'll find a better way to explain that, but for now use that poor explanation.
However I think examples do much...

The main program is separated into sections.
The first section should consist of module codice_6 statements.
This is followed by codice_7 / codice_8 statements that control whether undeclared variables are implicitly typed.
This is followed by the declaration section where variables, types, interfaces and procedures are declared.
Then comes the executable statements of the main program.
The last section is the internal subprograms initiated by the codice_9 statement.

You need to explain decisions with your children and let them talk back, at least a little bit to improve critical thinking.
Not just "no means no" as your reason for something.
A "temper tantrum" should be settled quickly and quietly by explaining your house rules.
An apology and a hug is to be expected after a time out.
Of course when a baby or child that cannot talk goes into a fit, parents should take care to investigate what is causing the baby or child such distess, rather than discipline.
Parenting is a hard job and these tips are just here to help parents get a better understand of how to handle their child.

Description: A heat generating device, such as a nuclear reactor, is at the focus of a parabolic reflector.
The thermal photons are focused into a near parallel beam, which propels the vehicle.
Another high-energy source is a matter-antimatter reaction, which is absorbed by a blanket of heavy metals and converted to heat.
This method is probably not practical, since emitting photons gives less momentum than emitting the reaction products of the energy source directly.
It might be worth using directional radiators to get rid of surplus heat in addition to the reaction products.
In that case it increases the total efficiency.

Academic arguments usually "articulate an opinion."
This opinion is always carefully defended with good reasoning and supported by plenty of research.
Research?
Yes, research!
Indeed, part of learning to write effective arguments is finding reliable sources(or other documents) that lend credibility to your position.
It's not enough to say "capital punishment is wrong because that's the way I feel."

We now see Snape meeting in secret with Dumbledore.
Snape says he does not carry a message from Voldemort, but is there to plead on his own behalf.
He had carried Trelawney's prediction to Voldemort, and Voldemort, having decided that the prophecy referred to Harry Potter, was now planning to kill not only Harry, but also Lily and James.
Snape pleads with Dumbledore to save Lily from Voldemort.
Dumbledore is disgusted that Snape only wants Lily saved, not caring about her husband or child.
Taken aback, Snape pleads for them as well, saying that in return for their safety he would do anything.

Depression is a very real medical condition that involves both psychological and biological factors.
It is not simply "in your head".
Numerous studies have shown significant changes occur to the anatomy of the brain during the course of depression.
Depression is a whole body illness, not only affecting the brain.
Those with depression experience a wide variety of physical and mental symptoms.
Strong emphasis should be placed on the fact that depressed mood is only one symptom of many involved in an illness that encompasses many.

The Semantic Web currently exists as a vision, albeit a promising and captivating one.
Similar to the current Web, the Semantic Web will be formed through a combination of open standard and proprietary protocols, frameworks, technologies, and services.
The W3C-approved standards – XML, RDF, and OWL – form the base protocols.
New data schemas and contract mechanisms, built using these new protocols, will arise around communities of interest, industry, and intent; some will be designed carefully by experienced data architects and formally recognized by established standards bodies; others will appear from out of nowhere and gain widespread acceptance overnight.
A host of new technologies and services will appear such as semantically-aware content publishing tools; context modeling tools; mediation, inference, and reputing engines; data-cleansing and thesaurus services; and new authentication and verification components.
Although various elements of the vision already exist, rollout of these technologies, coordination amidst competitive forces, and fulfillment of the vision will take many years.

Example: "Den Eisbecher, er ist Kälte (Eisbecher = bowl of ice-cream)."
In German, instead of saying "it is very cold", you would say "he is very cold".
How do you know when to use "he"?
Look at the gender of the noun.
In this case the noun Eisbecher is masculine.
If it were "der Apfel", you would use "er" because Apfel is masculine.

Magnesium burns in hot air or steam to form alkaline oxides or hydroxides.
Powders or thin slices of this metal can be ignited with a match.
Magnesium hydroxide is a strong base, although its low solubility masks its alkalinity.
At room temperature magnesium metal is light and strong, but it can be ignited in air.
Halogens and acids attack magnesium violently with the formation of salts like magnesium chloride (MgCl2) or magnesium sulfate (MgSO4).
Although magnesium would react with atmospheric oxygen, an oxide layer protects the metal from oxidation.

It turns out that functional programs can keep state, except they don't use variables to do it.
They use functions instead.
The state is kept in function parameters, on the stack.
If you want to keep state for a while and every now and then modify it, you write a recursive function.
As an example, let's write a function that reverses a Java string.
Remember, every variable we declare is final by default5.

Prokaryotes are cells without a distinct nucleus.They have genetic material but that material is not enclosed within a membrane.
Prokaryotes include bacteria and cyanophytes.
The genetic material is a single circular DNA strand and is located within the cytoplasm.
Recombination happens through transfers of plasmids (short circles of DNA that pass from one bacterium to another).
Prokaryoytes do not engulf solids, nor do they have centrioles or asters.
Prokaryotes have a cell wall made up of peptidoglycan.

The game's main view is divided in two parts.
The left part shows time passed since the player did his first action on the field (covering up a box or setting a flag).
The second field shows how many flags the player has to set to end the game.
The right part shows the minefield itself.
There the player can set the flags and try to cover up the boxes.

As they were working on "Eldred vs. Ashcroft", Lessig and Eldred assembled a group of people to help, including MIT professor Hal Abelson.
This group was called the Copyright Commons, but Eric Saltzman suggested changing the name to Creative Commons, which stuck.
Lessig explains that this was intended as a grass-roots movement to support authors who don't want or need all the rights that copyright affords.
In a 2002 press release, Creative Commons declared: "The Creative Commons will provide a free set of tools to enable creators to share aspects of their copyrighted works with the public.
... We stand on the shoulders of giants by revisiting, reusing, and transforming the ideas and works of our peers and predecessors."

While a natural disaster is actively taking place, it may be best to "shelter in place" instead of evacuating if you are currently in a suitable shelter.
Conditions outside are likely dangerous, and even short trips can be perilous.
However if your shelter is unsuitable or compromised, evacuation may be necessary to ensure your safety.
While the goal of an evacuation before a disaster is to remove yourself from an affected area, that may not be possible or safe while a disaster is ongoing.
If removing yourself from the affected area is impossible or unsafe, then the next best thing is to seek a suitable shelter.

Between the Convention’s adoption in 1982 and its entry into force in 1994, the US, Britain, France, Italy, the Netherlands, Belgium, West Germany, and Japan were in an arrangement called the Reciprocating States Regime (‘RSR’).
The RSR refuted the universal application of the LOSC, particularly Part XI of the Convention that established the seabed beyond national jurisdiction as the common heritage of mankind.
It was the adoption of the 1994 Agreement relating to the Implementation of Part XI of the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea (‘1994 Implementing Agreement’) which removed the objections of the RSR states.
The salient feature of the 1994 Implementing Agreement is that it now allows multinational consortia controlled by the RSR states to apply for seabed exploration permits on the same terms applicable to LOSC pioneer investors from developing nations.
The LOSC finally entered into force on 16 November 1994.

Now you have Boos to deal with.
Look away to lure the first one to the left.
Then swim to the right quickly and hope the boo goes off-screen.
Whenever a Boo goes off-screen, it will go back to where it was initially, and out of your area.
Now there’s another Boo, forcing you to do a snaking run quickly, and after that, a power-up and a third Boo.

Rydia is a summoner from the town of Mist.
Out of fear from seeing her mother and village destroyed, she causes a massive earthquake but becomes friendly once Cecil defends her.
In the early game, she is a sage; an adequate white mage and a solid black mage.
Later, she dumps the white magic for a powerful array of summons, which are more powerful than typical spells, thus becoming similar to a black mage.
Her chief weakness is her lack of any physical prowess.

There will be a table with bandages which heal 6 hp.
Players should grab a few but save some space as there are other tools essential to their war.
Players can use the bandages to heal themselves or teammates.
Of course enemies can't get in the room, but players can only stay inside for two minutes.
Players can leave and go back in the spawn room to obtain more bandages if they are damaged.

Containers are items that, obviously, contain other items.
All containers can be broken by attacking them or by picking them up and tossing them at something.
They usually contain one to three items each, any they can contain any variety of regular items except for Barrel Cannons and Party Balls, which can only appear by themselves.
Occasionally, a container will be explosive and explode spontaneously upon breaking.
So apart from these similarities, the characteristics of the containers are as follows.

One may well ask, if you can't tell the gender from what the word means, then how "do" you tell what gender it is.
The good news is that the gender of many words can be determined using a few relatively simple rules.
In fact there are more such rules than are actually useful since some are only applicable to rare technical words, and some have so many exceptions that memorizing them takes more effort than you save by applying the rule when it actually works.
The bad news is that there is a core vocabulary of words, including some of the most common ones, that don't seem to follow any pattern at all in terms of gender.
For these the best you can do is to memorize the gender when you learn the word.

During the most recent drought, the governor of California asked citizens to reduce their water consumption by 25% as part of some severe water restrictions in the state.
The residents of California reduced their water consumption by 31% instead, going above and beyond what was required.
However, there is still a severe water shortage in California.
Some blame this on the environmental conservation policies set forth by the state, which account for more than 50% of the water flows in the state.
.

We welcome to the ranks of the experimental stations of Australia station VK2MO, owned and operated by Oliver Bros., the well known radio dealers of Gunnedah.
VK2MO is running on the 200 metre waveband on low power telephony, and is doing particularly good work in this direction.
Static troubles are at times so bad in Gunnedah that Mr. Marcus Oliver resorts to an underground aerial used in conjunction with a screen-grid R.F.
receiver, and relays the transmission from Sydney stations, so that even the local crystal listener is catered for.
Congratulations, VK2MO.

carbon microphones.
In addition to broadcasting their own programmes on Wednesdays, Fridays and Sundays at other times the Club relays the programmes from the National Station 2YA, Wellington, the programme being received over 100 miles of the Post and Telegraph Department landlines.
First S.W.
Re-Broadcast.
One of the notable pioneering transmissions of 2ZF, occurred when

There is similar idea to this for multiplying the two sides by the same real number.
However, it is a little more complex than that.
We need to look at the cases for formula_102 and formula_613.
Let there be two real numbers formula_75 and formula_76 such that &lt;math&gt;a.
If multiplying by formula_102 to both sides, then formula_617 because both sides are multiplied by the same number, so the product must still be formula_617.

In 1943, during World War II, HM Fort Roughs (sometimes called Roughs Tower) was constructed by the United Kingdom as one of the Maunsell Forts, primarily to defend the vital shipping lanes in nearby estuaries against Nazi Kriegsmarine mine-laying aircraft.
It consisted of a floating pontoon base with a superstructure of two hollow towers joined by a deck upon which other structures could be added.
The fort was towed to a position above the Rough Sands sandbar, where its base was deliberately flooded to sink it on its final resting place.
This is approximately from the coast of Suffolk, outside the then 6 km claim of the United Kingdom and, therefore, in international waters.
The facility was occupied by 150–300 Royal Navy personnel throughout World War II; the last full-time personnel left in 1956.

In the book "the Image of the City" , the cityscape is divided into five elements: paths, edges, districts, nodes and landmarks.
They are essential components for people to construct their "mental maps" (network perception) of the city.
Paths represent accessible transport network links; edges are the boundaries which separate different zones of activities; districts are areas/regions with different characteristics, usually related to the land use; nodes are intersections or interchanges which are part of the transport system; landmarks are well-known places often used for navigation or as reference points.
In an urban planning context, legibility is reflected by how easily a person can remember these elements and navigate through the city based on the mental map.
For a transport network, the paths and nodes are particularly important because space is allocated for transport purposes, but the other elements are also very critical in some contexts.

Amateur Stations.
Static has made the 40 and 80 metre bands most uninteresting during the week.
DX has been answering, but static and interference have spoilt contacts. . . . VK4PG silent.
Why?
. . .

When society embraced the transition between Web 1.0 to Web 2.0, it greatly altered global communication and interactions among people.
Web 2.0 allowed everyone to communicate with each other regardless of geographical barriers, and opened a world of interaction and information to be shared with everyone who had access to those tools.
Several key concepts that were created due to the effect of the relationship between Web 2.0 and cultures resulted in societies practicing participatory culture, changes in learning through business and education, and the aggregation of a global collective intelligence.
These concepts are important to fully understand Web 2.0 as they demonstrate the world wide changes cause by the addition of creative and communicative tools created for Web 2.0.
The relationship between Web 2.0 and culture also helped to further shape Web 2.0 tools to meet the demands of the ever shifting society which seeks different ways to share content and collect information.

formula_30 is ].a,b.
[ (XXREAL_1:def 4), formula_31 is [.a,b.]
(XXREAL_1:def 1), formula_32 is [.a,b.
[ (XXREAL_1:def 2), formula_33 is ].a,b.]
(XXREAL_1:def 3).

Sandoval-Almazan, Rodrigo, and J. Ramon Gil-Garcia.
2014.
“Towards Cyberactivism 2.0?
Understanding the Use of Social Media and Other Information Technologies for Political Activism and Social Movements.” "Government Information Quarterly" 31 (3): 365–78.
https://doi.org/10.1016/j.giq.2013.10.016.

<doc id="397204" url="https://en.wikibooks.org/wiki?curid=397204" title="Chess Opening Theory/1.
f4/1...e5/2.
fxe5/2...d6/3.
exd6/3...Bxd6/4.
Nf3">

While assigning a letter-name to RAM-disk, DOS must consider the declared dummy disks valid.
But afterwards their valid status confines further letter-names assignment.
A mixture of actual disks and dummies causes confusion.
Therefore, the next task for SKIPDSK.SYS driver is to disable dummy disks.
For this purpose SKIPDSK.SYS must be activated once more.

The Crisis ended with an agreement allowing Britain to settle in lands historically claimed by Spain, and led to widespread British settlement in present day British Columbia, Washington state, and Oregon.
By the early 19th century the Hudson’s Bay Company opened a trading post on Vancouver Island.
British settlement in the Pacific Northwest quickly expanded to consist of a vast network of trade between British merchants and their Russian (and increasingly American) neighbors to the North.
By the mid-19th century the British population had grown substantially in the area.
Diplomatic activity had reduced Spanish claims of sovereignty in Alaskan territory and commercial enterprises strongly linked Alaska and its neighbors.

Although the race-to-the-bottom scenario sounds plausible, it does not appear to describe reality.
In fact, the financial incentive for firms to shift production to poor countries to take advantage of their weaker environmental rules does not seem especially powerful.
When firms decide where to locate a new factory, they look at many different factors: the costs of labor and financial capital; whether the location is close to a reliable suppliers of the inputs that they need; whether the location is close to customers; the quality of transportation, communications, and electrical power networks; the level of taxes; and the competence and honesty of the local government.
The cost of environmental regulations is a factor, too, but typically environmental costs are no more than 1 to 2% of the costs faced by a large industrial plant.
The other factors that determine location are much more important to these companies than trying to skimp on environmental protection costs.

Note about the shooting: it is one of the rare times when I allowed myself to voluntarily stress an animal by insisting with the gaze of the camera.
I wanted to film this scene, which I had seen several times without filming it.
From now on I always present myself to the tamarin, turning my back to him, stooping as much as possible, and peering at him from under my shoulder.
This is usually enough to soothe him.
He then pretends not to have noticed me while casting a few brief glances at me to make sure of his authority.

While Snowden's revelations might seem frightening in the context of intelligence agency over-reach into our private lives, let us also point out that a private company such as Acxiom alone has accumulated an average of 1,500 pieces of data on each person in its database - which includes 96% of all Americans .
The signals we send out while online are commodities to be bought and sold.
The 'individual' experience is the marketization of 'You' now realized as a product.
What better testament to the success of a market-system where consumers are likewise products - and yet still profess their own exalted individualism!
What's good for the customer is not what is good for the citizen and, if we should retain a disposition for democracy and seek to improve our material conditions, we should actively embrace the role of participating, conscious citizen.

This role was given to William Blair &amp; Co. ostensibly without any consideration of potential conflicts of interest, despite the fact that, the firm had worked directly with a potential bidder and the ultimate winner of this deal (MSIP consortium) in a prior P3 deal.
Most importantly, the selection of William Blair &amp; Co. and its preliminary valuation (which reportedly utilized a more private-sector investor’s perspective rather than a public sector perspective) were all conducted unbeknownst to the general public and City Council.
In fact, it wasn’t until October 15th 2008 when Mayor Daley released his proposed 2009 budget (which included an expected $150 million infusion from the parking meter agreement) that most of the city’s elected officials had any idea planning and negotiations for this deal had already taken place.
By then the concession agreement was essentially a done deal given that it was already a staple of the Mayor’s proposed budget; which was subsequently adopted a month later by a City Council vote of 49 to one.
This in turn put significant political pressure on City Council aldermen to approve the ordinance authorizing the deal given that they had already adopted a budget which relied on its proceeds.

“In nearly 20 years advising students at my university, I have observed that a wish for right livelihood almost never figures into the employment decisions of undergraduate computer science students.
And this isn’t unique to computer scientists.” Where the right livelihood is the respect for humanity as a whole.
He is able to illustrate this idea in a social experiment.
This experiment consisted of searching on google for help choosing between job offers.
Among the first five retrieved articles, none of them mentioned anything about the social or ethical nature of the jobs and choosing a job that didn’t violate any moral/social code.

Why Google made android an open source operating system is a topic of debate.
Detractors argue that the decision was predominately monetary based.
There are multiple profit based advantages to open source technology mostly explained by the mass popularity of the system.
This furthers Google’s reach and broadens their consumer demographics.
On their website however, Android explains why they use an open source system;

The male and female regression lines for Poland are plotted in Figure 11-4.
The expected values of freedom for women are represented by the solid line while the expected values of freedom for men are represented by the dashed line.
At low income levels (left side of the graph) women feel freer than men, while at high income levels men feel freer than women.
The two lines cross somewhere between income level 4 and income level 5.
For Polish people of middle incomes, men and women report roughly equal levels of personal freedom.

Management of T2D has traditionally been achieved and published in literature through medication, dietary intervention and aerobic exercise.
Recently resistance training has been investigated as a possible intervention for glycaemic control and it has been considered as a beneficial intervention as it increases muscle mass.
This increase in muscle mass is extremely important in older adults who suffer from age related sarcopenia (loss of muscle mass).
Monitoring levels of glycosylated haemoglobin (HbA1c) within T2D patients is the gold standard marker of glycaemic control.
Monitoring this reflects the long-term plasma glucose levels in the patient and small improvements significantly reduce the risk of diabetic related complications.

2.
Sawka, M. N., &amp; Montain, S. J.
(2000).
Fluid and electrolyte supplementation for exercise heat stress.
Retrieved April, 2017, from http://ajcn.nutrition.org/content/72/2/564s.full.pdf html

Original AM steerers (steer tube) were externally butted.
Later models use constant wall thickness tubing.
Part way up the steerer a pin is brazed (or pressed on APB) across the tube for the upper spring stop.
Most steerers are threaded for English headsets.
Esprit and other recent steerers use the Ahead Set system.

Online education is producing vast amounts of data about students.
Much of these online courses are openly available and the data from them should be too.
The data will enable academic institutions and course providers to deliver their courses more efficiently and more appropriately to their students.
It will also allow students to personalize their educational experience to best suit their needs.
Data collected can include administrative data, demographic information, grade information, attendence and activity data, engagement metrics, course selection etc.

For several years, the U.S. government has sought ways to increase revenue needed to pay for transportation infrastructure.
Recently, lawmakers have given this issue a more serious look as the Highway Trust Fund (HTF) is on the verge of insolvency.
Since the inception of the Interstate highway system, the Federal gasoline tax has been the primary means of funding highways and tolling has been prohibited.
With the gas tax no longer able to adequately fund the HTF, the question becomes, what else can be been done to finance U.S. Interstates?
One plan that has recently been discussed is expanding tolling on Interstate highways, however, this proposal is fairly controversial and may be difficult to achieve.

18.
There is a tantric practice in Tibetan Buddhism.
The Nyingmapa bransch of Tibetan Buddhism is nondogmatic and members can live as monks or as free yogis in relationships.
Normally, sexual union is only visualized.
Through Tantric God unity images the kundalini energy is activated.

Many ancient Egyptian paintings have survived due to Egypt's extremely dry climate.
The paintings were often made with the intent of making a pleasant afterlife for the deceased.
The themes included journey through the afterworld or protective deities introducing the deceased to the gods of the underworld (such as Osiris).
Some tomb paintings show activities that the deceased were involved in when they were alive and wished to carry on doing for eternity.
Egyptian paintings are painted in such a way to show a profile view and a side view of the animal or person.

The war caused severe economic disruption in Europe.
Germany suffered particularly badly, but all countries of Europe faced rising prices; 'the impact of inflation on generations which had grown accustomed to stable prices and a reliable currency was enormous, and was as much psychological as economic.
The lost landmark of stable currency proved much harder to restore than the ruins of towns and villages' (P. M. H. Bell, Twentieth Century Europe, 2006).
The middle class of Europe were hit especially hard by inflation, with destroyed the wealth of many bourgeois families.
In Germany, for example, the total collapse of the currency meant that the savings of middle-class families were made completely worthless.

The section that follows, between &lt;item&gt; and &lt;/item&gt;, specifies a single programme.
You could choose to modify it every time you make a new programme, but this will mean that new subscribers will only be able to download the latest episode, and if somebody isn't quick enough they may miss an episode.
Creating a new item section will keep an archive of episodes available and avoid this problem.
Newer episodes should be placed above older episodes in the file.
There is no theoretical limit to the number of episodes you can list, though many podcasters choose only to list a handful of recent episodes.

As for which images should be included in an article, Wikipedia's image policies mainly deal with copyright concerns.
The guideline at does define what encyclopedic images are: An encyclopedic image is relevant to the subject at hand, clear, and good quality.
Don't overwhelm your articles with images; using the thumbnail feature also ensures that pages will load more quickly for readers.
The Featured Pictures project lays out more criteria for good images at ; many of these criteria are related to the technical quality of the image.
For help improving images, you can always ask fellow editors interested in images—try the Wikipedia Graphics Lab project at .

Hurst III and Cameron (1990) contend that Bushido, the strict code of ethics stemming from the days of the samurai, is still engrained in Japanese culture today .
The unflinching loyalty of a samurai warrior to his lord parallels that of an ideal Japanese employee to his company and manager.
According to Gundling (1999), managers often offer support in the personal lives of their employees.
Thus personal and professional relationships sometimes intersect, establishing a strong bond between the two parties.
The Japanese seek to protect their own, especially with regard to honor.

Daphnis.
(Hail, Solitude!
hail, maiden coy and sweet!)
"1898" p. 43; "1916" v. 1 p. 230.
Lines 43, 53, 72:

The economy was beginning to slip back from its lofty peak of the late 1990s.
This helped Bush secure passage of a tax cut in May 2001.
Lower taxes would indeed buoy the economy, but at the cost of an ominously growing federal budget deficit.
At the end of the year, Bush also obtained the “No Child Left Behind” Act, which required public schools to test reading and mathematical proficiency on an annual basis; it prescribed penalties for those schools unable to achieve a specified standard.
Social Security remained unaddressed despite Bush’s efforts to make it a priority in his second term.

A further problem perceived in the current electoral system is that registration is voluntary but voting is compulsory.
New electoral registers were opened in February 1987, when the military regime was preparing the October 1988 plebiscite, the old registers having been burned by the military in 1973.
The democratic opposition mobilized strongly to get voters registered; its strategy was to defeat Pinochet at the polls in order to achieve democracy, and it succeeded in getting 92 per cent of eligible voters to register.
Since then, however, the number of registered voters has not increased in line with the voting age population, as young people now show little interest in participating in elections.
In the 2001 congressional elections 80 per cent of 10 million potential voters were registered; in the 2004 municipal elections the figure was 77 per cent.

8.
Heyd F, Lynch KW.
Trends Biochem Sci.
2011 Aug;36(8):397-404.
Epub 2011 May 17. Review.

When evaluators suggest policy options based on their evaluation research, they are using faithful data to make unfaithful recommendations.
That is because the selection of options depends on a much wider range of information than can be provided through standard evaluation methods.
This is the domain of the policy analyst.
But, under certain circumstances, the boundaries can be crossed.
The big question is how to recognise the transition from one mode to another.

Whenever there are new initiatives, there are issues to consider.
Design Thinking requires a breadth of knowledge and experience from various disciplines, which is not present in most K-12 students given the stage of their cognitive development and education background (Morrison, 2013).
It requires one to think of a problem from unconventional, even unlikely perspectives that lead to a collection of insights—insights that will ultimately produce a unique solution, which might be difficult for a K-12 student (Morrison, 2013).
Design Thinking has also been described as using a “close, almost anthropological observation of people to gain insight into problems that may not be articulated yet” (Korn &amp; Silverman, 2012).
Some might say that K-12 students do not have the educational background to engage in Design Thinking.

SNP identification programs must distinguish system noise (instrument errors, PCR errors, etc) from actual variation.
They generally do so by modeling various error types and the expected distribution of calls under homozygous reference (AA), homozygous variant (BB) and heterozygous variant (AB) states.
Confidence in calls is generally affected by the reported sequence quality values and read depth.
Some SNP/SNV callers work by comparing individual samples to a reference, whereas others can simultaneously call in multiple samples using information from each sample to assist calling in the other samples.
SNP callers for mixed population samples also exist.

With an understanding of how transistors work and how they are biased, basic static analog circuits can be rationalized through.
Afterward, these basic static circuits will be combined to create neuromorphic circuits.
In the following circuit examples, the source, drain, and gate voltages are fixed, and the current is the output.
In practice, the bias gate voltage is fixed to a subthreshold value (formula_26), the drain is held in saturation (formula_27), and the source and bulk are tied to ground (formula_28, formula_29).
All non-idealities are ignored.

Sometimes the micelles have their enhancing effect by changing the local concentrations and organization of the reactants.
The determination of iron(II) and total iron by the effect on the luminol/hydrogen peroxide system is enhanced by tetradecyltrimethylammonium bromide (TTAB) in the presence of citric acid.
An iron(II)-citric acid anion complex is formed and concentrated at the surface of the cationic micelle.
This then reacts with hydrogen peroxide at that surface, increasing the rate of the chemiluminescence reaction.
The effect of cationic surfactant on the copper-catalysed chemiluminescence of 1,10-phenanthroline with hydrogen peroxide is that 1,10-phenanthroline concentrates in the centre of the micelles, but superoxide anion radicals are attracted to the surface where the reaction occurs more easily.

Bitcoin is decentralized, so no authority can issue more Bitcoins .
This makes inflation difficult because the supply of Bitcoins in the market cannot be arbitrarily increased.
Decentralization appeals to many people as it removes the currency from government control.
Unlike when using a bank, there are no service fees associated with Bitcoin.
This can make its use profitable for businesses, some brick-and-mortar stores have begun accepting Bitcoins as tender .

But the best webpage, I think, is zoho.com.
It combines all the abovementioned tools and applications and provides even still more to the user, like a chat function, a comment box, a meeting function and a lot more.
More than 6 million people are using zoho and the number increases.
So if you consider to join the coworking movement keep zoho in mind.
You won’t regret it.

The Golden Shield Project is part of what is sometimes known outside of mainland China as the "Great Firewall of China", a reference to the Great Wall of China and a firewall .
The system blocks content by preventing IP addresses from being routed through.
It consists of standard firewalls and proxy servers at the Internet gateways.
The system also selectively engages in DNS poisoning when particular sites are requested.
The government does not appear to be systematically examining Internet content, as this appears to be technically impractical.

One of the biggest challenges facing the world today is the lack of alternative and renewable energy sources to the conventional fossil fuels.
A potential, viable alternative can be found in the converting lignocellulosic biomass to fermentable sugars to produce renewable fuels, such as ethanol.
Yet, the biggest rate limiting problems in converting lignocelluloses into biofuels, is the hydrolysis of structural polysaccharides, which require the development of a more efficient enzyme system.
Extensive enzyme group is needed to overcome the recalcitrant and the plant cell wall.
Cellulosomes could be the future solution.

Distinctions between slugging and hitchhiking differ in the types of people they serve.
Sluggers in the DC area are generally federal employees or civilian contractors belonging to the upper to middle class.
This homogeneity may contribute to the success of dynamic ridesharing in this area.
In contrast, hitchhiking has declined due to fears of dangerous hitchhikers whose backgrounds are highly varied.
Slugging is a unique situation where structured rules and working class participants decrease the perceived risk.

What you really need to distinguish between a car, a bike and a unicycle is a property that is the same within each category, but different between the categories.
A good choice would be the number of wheels.
All unicycles have one wheel, all bikes have two wheels, and all cars have four wheels.
If you count wheels, you will most likely never confuse a unicycle with a bike, or a bike with a car (even a motorbike with a Smart Car!).
In other words, if you know the number of wheels, you know which type of vehicle you're dealing with.

The total diffuse lighting by all vertex lights is accumulated in codice_9 by initializing it to black and then adding the diffuse reflection of each vertex light to the previous value of codice_9 at the end of the for-loop.
A for-loop should be familiar to any C/C++/Java/JavaScript programmer.
Note that for-loops are sometimes severely limited; in particular the limits (here: 0 and 4) have to be constants in Unity, i.e.
you cannot even use uniforms to determine the limits.
(The technical reason is that the limits have to be known at compile time in order to “un-roll” the loop.)

While the Ministry is mentioned very often in the series, and almost always in a manner that refers to the organization rather than the place, we really learn very little about the organization of the Ministry.
We are told that the Minister is elected, as Fudge says, at the end of "Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire", that if he was to try and carry out any of the instructions that Dumbledore suggests, he would be voted out immediately.
And while Fudge is, as we learn in the sixth book, replaced by Scrimgeour following the revelation that Voldemort had returned, we do not see the mechanism used for that vote.
The reader does rather get the feeling that the magical government runs completely independently of the Muggle government, but apart from that we learn little about its operation.
We do learn that the Ministry is very quick to follow the lead of the currently elected Minister, almost to the extent of being his own personal fiefdom; the Ministry as a whole seems to shift almost overnight from Fudge's policy of denial to Scrimgeour's policy of active defence, and again to Thicknesse's anti-Muggle stance.

Saccharolipids describe compounds in which fatty acids are linked directly to a sugar backbone, forming structures that are compatible with membrane bilayers.
In the saccharolipids, a monosaccharide substitutes for the glycerol backbone present in glycerolipids and glycerophospholipids.
The most familiar saccharolipids are the acylated glucosamine precursors of the Lipid A component of the lipopolysaccharides in Gram-negative bacteria.
Typical lipid A molecules are disaccharides of glucosamine, which are derivatized with as many as seven fatty-acyl chains.
The minimal lipopolysaccharide required for growth in "E. coli" is Kdo2-Lipid A, a hexa-acylated disaccharide of glucosamine that is glycosylated with two 3-deoxy-D-manno-octulosonic acid (Kdo) residues.

Aviation is very procedural.
Every action you will undertake in the aircraft will have a checklist tied to it somewhere.
Many of the checklists are simple, and can be memorized, but this is not always a good practice.
Memories can be faulty, and in aviation a faulty memory can be a death sentence.
Use your checklists.

J-proteins and nucleotide exchange factors (NEFs) both affect the activity of Hsp 70.
NEFs stimulate transformation of ADP to ATP, and consequently stimulate the chaperone cycle with Hsp 70.
The rate of nucleotides exchange is 10-20 fold faster than the rate of hydrolysis if J-protein is nonexistent.
When J-protein exist, hydrolysis is still stimulated but nucleotide release will become limited.
Nef with Hsp 70 bond to ADP could excite the reaction of nucleotide exchange rate up to 5000-fold.

It is also difficult to incorporate blogging into classrooms because all students need access to a computer.
Students would be able to work on their blogs in the classroom, study hall, or lunch but not all families own computers in their house.
Teachers would have to work out due dates individually with students based on availability of computers.
Otherwise hopefully teachers could provide sufficient lab time during class for students to work on blogs ("Blogs – advantages," 2009) Besides needing a computer to write blogs, you also need a computer to view the blogs.
Students without access to computers will have a difficult time reading other blogs, or commenting on them.

The greenhouse effect is very important, since without it the average temperature of the atmosphere would be about -18 °C (0 °F).
With the greenhouse effect, the average temperature of the atmosphere is a pleasant 15 °C (59 °F).
Without insulation, daytime temperatures would be very high and nighttime temperatures would be extremely low.
This is the situation on all of the planets and moons that have no atmosphere.
If the Earth did not have insulation, temperatures would likely be too cold and too variable for complex life forms.

Heat exhaustion occurs as a consequence of disruption of the body's own system of thermoregulation, the means by which it adjusts temperature.
Sweating is the principal means through which the body cools itself down, but diverting blood from other regions toward the skin also serves this purpose.
Although sweat allows excess heat to dissipate as the moisture reaches the skin surface, it can also have dangerous implications for blood pressure and volume.
As sweating increases, blood volume can drop precipitously, meaning that the brain and other body systems are at risk for insufficient oxygen and nutrient supplies.
Furthermore, diverting blood away from other systems and towards the skin compounds the changes in blood volume and blood pressure induced through sweating.

Grandfather gave up being a self-employed lace mill engineer when he was sixty-five, in 1935.
The Salter &amp; Stokes creamery had open up in South Chard near to Chard Junction some years previously and he and his sons went to work there.
In the 1938, The Wiltshire United Dairies stated a milk processing plant on the site, the most modern in the world at the time.
Shortly afterwards it became part of the United Dairies Group… then in turn Cow &amp; Gate… all part of the Unigate Group.
Now there was no family connection with the lace mill.

Stars twinkle when we see them from the night sky because we are viewing them through thick layers of turbulent air in the atmosphere.
Stars look like tiny dots in the sky as their light travel through the layers of atmosphere.
The light of the star is bent(refracted) many times and in random directions.
The random refraction results in the star winking out.
The star movement makes our eye interpret this as twinkling.

Another difference between Englisc and English is the Umlaut.
The vowels a, o, and u can take an umlaut (in the form of æ, œ, and y).
The Umlaut changes the sound of the vowel.
For pronunciations of all the letters, go to the pronunciation guide.
The umlauted 'u' is sometimes written with a single-dotted y, as in ẏ.

I Have to Go!, published in 1983, is an amusing book that will engage readers due to its comical plot surrounding something we all have been through and parents know all too well: potty training.
Just like many of his books, Munsch has a fun and simple usage of words that children love and other authors might shy away from; for instance, he is not at all bashful when his character screams, “I HAVE TO GO PEE!
(He could have chosen, “I have to go to the bathroom,” but did not).
He also utilizes other fun writing styles such as: repetition, onomonopia (“screech” and” varoom”, for example), a continuation of bold and upper case letters(a multimodal technique), and hyperboles.
Children will be engaged because of Munsch’s fun and unexpected ending (which is a consistent trait throughout all of Munsch’s writing).

Verse 8: Verse eight portrays the level of excitement that is present as Jesus enters into the city.
Jesus entrance, which is reminiscent of others in the Bible such as what happens after Jehu is anointed by Elisha in 2nd Kings 9:13 (Senior, 230) or of Solomon of the entrance of Solomon in 1st Kings 1:32-37.
(Keck, 403) The crowds here, which the original reader would have understood to be very large in preparation for the Passover, began laying garments on the ground as well as cutting branches and laying them on the ground as well, by doing this the crowds were acknowledging and celebrating that a king was indeed coming into the town.
One can begin to see the paradox that Matthew is painting, that Jesus comes as a humble and meek Messiah, on a donkey, while the crowds celebrate him coming as a triumphant king.
(Hagner, 595)

Transformations on the projective line preserve cross ratio.
This will now be proven.
Let there be four (collinear) points "A", "B", "C", "D".
Their cross-ratio is given by equation (11).
Let "S(x)" be a projective transformation:

Today, Kate DiCamillo is the author of 5 young adult novels, 6 early reader chapter books, and 2 picture books.
She has won numerous awards for her books.
A few of these awards include: the Newbery Honor Award in 2001 for "Because of Winn-Dixie", DiCamillo's first published novel; the 2004 Newbery Medal winner for "The Tale of Despereaux"; and "Mercy Watson Goes for a Ride", the 2nd book of the Mercy Watson Series, was awarded the Theodor Seuss Geisel Honor book in 2007.
Two of DiCamillo's books, "Because of Winn-Dixie" and "The Tale of Despereaux", have been adapted to popular movies.
Her latest novel, "The Magician's Elephant" is currently being adapted into a movie.

Besides from being regulated, zinc is also capable of regulating other proteins by shifting its concentration.
Zinc can influence the productivity of nitric oxide which changes the immune system.
Lack of zinc in the body weakens the immune system and leaves the body prone for infections.
In the prostate glandular epithelium, a change in the normal concentration level can lead to complications in the prostate.
In the nervous system, a concentration of zinc that is too high can mean mitochondrial dysfunctions.

How precious is Your lovingkindness, O God!
Therefore the children of men put their trust under the shadow of Your wings.
They are abundantly satisfied with the fullness of Your House, and You give them drink from the rivers of Your pleasures.
For with You is the fountain of life; In Your light we see light."
Amein (Psalm 36: 5-9)

Basically what $connection is, is a resource.
If you have used mysql with php you'll find this a lot easier to understand.
A resource is an object which interacts with an external program (ex: after you do a mysql_connect() you have access to the mysql resource).
It allows other function within your code to interact with that recourse.
If it's can't connect it quits the script and gives an error (can't connect)

Symonds, W., Palmer, A. T., Lindorff, D., and McCann, J.
(2000, February 7).
For-Profit Charters: A Primer.
"BussinessWeek".
Retrieved September 20, 2008, from http://www.businessweek.com/2000/00_06/b3667004.htm

Merlo, L., Bowman, M., &amp; Barnett, D. (2007, January 1).
Parental nurturance promotes reading acquisition in low socioeconomic status children.
Early Education and Development, 18(1), 51-69.
(ERIC Document Reproduction Service No.
EJ772206) Retrieved January 31, 2009, from ERIC database.

The info fair would be a perfect chance for the A'capella Club to get their name out.
For word-of-mouth as the only type of advertisement makes it difficult for the club to gain more members.
Instead, they could set up a station in Red Square and advertise by preforming.
They could have sheet music of popular songs to hand out to people who would like to join the performance of the moment.
But also, along with the sheet music, they should hand out the traditional pamphlets that contains information about their club.

The understanding in the Hebrew to 'count' the days is that it is to be a celebration in the ritual counting of them.
There also is a pattern to be followed.
This period of 50 days (seven weeks plus a day) is divided into seven periods or cycles of spiritual progress.
The form of the word for 'weeks' used in Leviticus 23:15 has the sense of 'time periods' or we could interpret it as 'cycles' of seven days.
Let's journey with the nation through this cycle to see the process they went through in being prepared to come to the mountain of Yahweh God.

 e-mail (ex.
gmail), concept mapping (ex.
Cmap Tools), database (ex.
Microsoft Access®), movie editing (ex.
Windows Movie Maker®), sound editing &amp; recording

The term with the sum by "p" gives the main contribution to this expression because it contains an exponent with a large power.
Leaving only this term and averaging (eq.
87), one gets in its right hand side the expression formula_139 which coincides with (eq.
82); all other terms in the sum (also terms with η"s" in their powers) lead only to corrections of a relative order 1/"s".
Therefore

To me the world has always been a very interesting, exciting, and beautiful place to investigate and to learn about.
I can’t imagine what my life would be like without that wonder and appreciation about learning new things.
Life is so much more stimulating, rich and pleasurable when we engage our minds, use our imagination and fill our hearts with the beauty that surrounds us.
I would love to pass that excitement on to someone else.
It would be exciting to spark the imagination of children and watch them find the same joy that I have always felt when learning something new.

Distance and time are not barriers to collaboration with students and teachers in remote places.
Rural students can share their learning with people in remote areas through an online discussion board.
Distance learning instructors can create educational programs aimed at sharing views between urban students and rural students.
Instructors can even create global learning environments which students learn together with people in foreign countries.
This kind of learning opportunity is desirable in the present era of globalization.

Jones has received many awards, honors, and recognitions through the years.
Some of these include winning first place prize in the two-dimensional art category in “Our Cultural Diversity” at the Chesapeake Museum.
He was featured in a newspaper article entitled “Memorial Portrait Captures Essence of Suffolk Educator” in the Hampton Roads section of the Virginian-Pilot in 1998 for his portrait painting of Mack Benn Jr., a former Educator and Administrator for the Suffolk Public Schools.
He won first place in drawing at the South Cobb Arts Alliance’s 10th National Juried Art Exhibition in Mableton, GA. Jones also received the Award of Excellence for his work in the Tidewater Artists Association minority artists exhibition in Norfolk, VA.
He also serves in the community and in 1995 Jones received the Outstanding Achievement in the Arts Award by the United Concerned Citizens League of Virginia Beach, a group that sponsors activities to further the social, economic, and educational needs of the African-American community.

Table 1: Berg, Jeremy.
Relative Frequencies of Amino Acid Residues in Secondary Structures.
2012.
Biochemistry, New York .
Print.

One important concept which comes out of the production analysis is that the demand for a factor is a derived demand; that is, it is not wanted for itself but rather for what it will produce.
The demand function for a factor is developed from its marginal product curve, in fact, the factor demand curve is that portion of the marginal product curve lying below the AP curve.
As more of a factor is used the MP will decline and hence move one down the factor demand function.
If the price of the product which the factor is used to produce the factor demand function will shift.
Similarly technological change will cause the MP curve to shift.

The Tasmanian Devil ("Sarcophilus harrisii"), also referred to simply as "the devil", is a carnivorous marsupial now found in the wild only in the Australian island state of Tasmania.
The Tasmanian Devil is the only extant member of the genus "Sarcophilus".
The size of a small dog, but stocky and muscular, the Tasmanian Devil is now the largest carnivorous marsupial in the world after the extinction of the Thylacine in 1936.
It is characterised by its black fur, offensive odor when stressed, extremely loud and disturbing screech, and viciousness when feeding.
It is known to both hunt prey and scavenge carrion and although it is usually solitary, it sometimes eats with other devils.

Emphysema is the condition in which bronchioles collapse, leaving large spaces where surface area for gaseous exchange used to be.
This is because the lungs are constantly infected, causing phagocytes to line the airways, and to reach them they release a protein digesting enzyme known as elastase - this destroys the elastin in the walls of the alveoli allowing the phagocytes to enter and remove bacteria.
However, this elastin is vital, without it, the alveoli do not stretch and recoil when breathing in and out, causing bronchioles to collapse.
The initial inflammation is caused by infections which in turn is caused by the accumulated mucus as a result of the tar in the lungs.
This also leads to the destruction of the alveoli walls, which reduces the surface area of gas exchange surface, meaning less gas exchange can occur.

The third example uses template Dropimage to make a drop-box with an image in it.
This template has many options, but only two were needed; the "width" option, and the "align" option.
The other options use the defaults.
There are two parameters; the top caption "Press to View" and the contents, in this case the Wikitext code for an image.
The contents in the example can be viewed by clicking the arrow on the box.

Turning now to some technical matters, how do we estimate "v(x)"?
Utility ("v(x)") isn’t observable.
All we can observe are choices (say, measured as 0 or 1), and we want to talk about probabilities of choices that range from 0 to 1.
(If we do a regression on 0s and 1s we might measure for "j" a probability of 1.4 or -0.2 of taking an auto.)
Further, the distribution of the error terms wouldn’t have appropriate statistical characteristics.

The Achaemenid Empire fell with the defeat of Darius III at Arbela and the conquest of the Empire.
A pretender rose to the throne calling himself Artaxerxes V but he was captured by Alexander and killed.
With this Achaemenid rule came to an end and the country was taken over by the Greeks.
Two Greek dynasties ruled Persia one after the another for a period of hundred years.
They were eventually displaced by the rising Parthian power which drove the Seleucids the last of the two dynasties west into Syria and established its own rule in Persepolis.

Human influences have contributed to the decline of the Sugar Maple in many regions.
Its role as a species of mature forests has led it to be replaced by more opportunistic species in areas where forests are cut over.
The Sugar maple also exhibits a greater susceptibility to pollution than other species of maple.
Acid rain and soil acidification are some of the primary contributing factors to maple decline.
Also, the increased use of salt over the last several decades on streets and roads has decimated the sugar maple's role as a "street-front" tree.

Here, the y parameters are the outputs of the ith and jth units.
During training the network energy should decrease until it reaches a minimum.
This minimum is known as the attractor of the network.
As a Hopfield network progresses, the energy minimizes itself.
This means that mathematical minimization or optimization problems can be solved automatically by the Hopfield network if that problem can be formulated in terms of the network energy.

Naismith et al.
defined behaviorist learning activities as “activities that promote learning as a change in learners observable actions.” “Learning is thought to be best facilitated through the reinforcement of an association between a particular stimulus and a response” (Naismith, et al., 2004).
In computer-aided learning a problem is presented (stimulus), the learner responds, then receives quick feedback.
Naismith and her colleagues include classroom response systems in this category and delivery of content by text messages to mobile phones.
The Mobile Learning website says behaviorist strategies can be used to teach the facts (Mobile Learning, 2006).

The warning is given so that you can find the line in the code that originates the problem (in this case: 860-861) and fix it.
The line on this example is too long by a shade over 9pt.
The chosen hyphenation point which minimizes the error is shown at the end of the line (Win-).
Line numbers and page numbers are given as before.
In this case, 9pt is too much to ignore (over 3mm), and a manual correction needs making (such as a change to the hyphenation), or the flexibility settings need changing.

It has been stated that the term “interpretation” embraces the obligations created by the acts of drawing, endorsing and accepting a bill.
It has been remarked judicially that these provisions, if inconsistent with the developing “ordinary” rules of conflicts, must nevertheless continue to govern, but they are not exhaustive, and recourse must be had to the body of conflicts rules as need arises.
It has been held to mean “the legal effect” of the bill and to embrace the incidents of the parties' obligations, but it is also argued that properly it extends only to the construction or meaning of the words used.
Instruments in the form of cheques drawn by one branch of a bank upon another branch of the same bank are not cheques, since they are not drawn by one “person” upon another.
In the case of a demand instrument, or one that is past maturity, it is in the discretion of the court, which will not make an order if the likelihood of potential liability on the instrument is small.

Як пла́ваеце?
- До́бра.
(full answer: " До́бра пла́ваю.")
"How do you swim?"
"I swim well".

Many species of "Aconitum" are cultivated in gardens, having either blue or yellow flowers.
"Aconitum lycoctonum" (Alpine wolfsbane), is a yellow-flowered species common in the Alps of Switzerland.
As garden plants the aconites are very ornamental, hardy perennial plants.
They thrive well in any ordinary garden soil, and will grow beneath the shade of trees.
They are easily propagated by divisions of the root or by seeds; care should be taken not to leave pieces of the root where livestock might eat them, owing to their poisonous character.

As you approach a scene, you need to be aware of the dangers which might be posed to you as a first aider, or to the victim.
These can include obviously dangerous factors such as traffic, gas or chemical leaks, live electrical items, buildings on fire or falling objects.
While many courses may focus on obvious dangers such as these, it is important not to neglect everyday factors which could be a danger.
"(ex.
Gas fires, where in getting close to a victim could result in burns from the heated vapor.)"

Basophils release histamine and other chemicals.
(Histamine is also secreted by other cells called MAST cells.)
Basophils are rare in circulation but are easily recognized in a stained blood smear by the large, dark blue granules in their cytoplasm.
They also release mediators that contribute to inflammation.
The granules contain histamine, heparin(an anticoagulant), cytokines, and other chemicals involved in allergic and immune responses.

If teens were cars, they would have excellent acceleration and lousy brakes.
They may think of an idea and dive in before thinking of the consequences.
If they do consider the consequences before it is too late, they may still have difficulty putting on the brakes.
If they know that a well-loved adult leader (hopefully this is you) will be disappointed in their actions, that is sometimes enough to kick in the brakes.
If they respect you, they "do" want your approval.

There are many examples of schools that offer bilingual education.
Grimm’s Kindergarten is a nursery school that teaches English to its students beginning at the age of three.
This is a very controversial age at which to start learning a second language.
Many authors may argue that it is important to have a solid foundation in the mother tongue before starting the process of learning a second language.
In spite of the controversy, many parents choose this school so that their children will have access to a bilingual school later.

You can catch the morning dew by spreading a clean tarp flat on the ground.
If a dew falls during the night, you can collect the water by sopping it up with a paper towel and wringing it into a container.
If you forget to set a tarp out the night before, or if you do not have a tarp, you can still collect dew.
Wrap a T-shirt (or other piece of cloth) around your pant legs, and then walk through the dewy grass.
When the T-shirt is sufficiently wet, wring it out into a container.

One way of achieving social appropriation is the methodology known as infomobilization.
This methodology is based on socio-technical systems theory, which claims that separate efforts to optimize the technical system and the social system will lead to sub-optimal results, and can even be infeasible.
The same information system can be a success in one organization/community but a failure in another, while the same organization/community can experience success with one information system but fail with another.
Hence, the information system and its context must be studied, understood and managed together, not separately.
Infomobilization applies these theories to rural communities in a developing country.

Yes, there are efforts to improve the nutritional quality of rice.
This staple food for two billion people is usually milled to remove the outer layers to prevent their high oil content from causing spoilage.
The remaining grains are low in B-carotene, the chemical precursor of vitamin A.
Some 400 million people worldwide suffer from vitamin A deficiency while over 3.7 billion people are iron-deficient.
Vitamin A deficiency causes five million deaths annually, and blindness in a further 500,000 people, while iron deficiency causes anemia and birth defects.

Technically localizing FOSS is no different from localizing commercial software.
Fonts must be changed, keyboard layouts devised, and standards adopted.
The difference is price and licensing.
With FOSS, the price is lower and the license open to all.
For saving money and time, nurturing local innovation, and combating illegal copying of software, FOSS localization is a better alternative.

Some couples choose to use eggs, sperm, or both, from donors.
This may be because the man or woman does not have any eggs or sperm of their own; their eggs or sperm are unable to create embryos; or one or both members of the couple have genetic health problems that they do not want to pass on.
If the couple chooses to use donor eggs, they must use IVF.
If they are only using donor sperm, they may use IVF, IUI, or artificial insemination (AI).
(In AI, the semen is placed in the vagina, near the woman's cervix, with a diaphragm or diaphragm-style menstrual cup.)

Robertson, J.
(2005).
10 principles of effective information management.
KM Column (Nov 05).
Retrieved June 21, 2006, from http://www.steptwo.com.au/papers/kmc_effectiveim/index.html.

Within the United States Inner City conditions of the most severe or outstanding exist in major Eastern Cities and in major coastal cities.
Baltimore, New York, Detroit, Chicago, Atlanta, and New Jersey are good examples.
Middle states and inland areas of the west have larger (geographically) more sparsely populated cities with no well defined "downtown" Inner City area.
Although such cities still have serious problems with homeless and poor, the management of particular ministry is diverse and often quite different from those in smaller more dense cities.
For a better understanding of this contact an Inner City ministry in each type of large metropolitan area.

Hierarchies have many advantages.
Leaders provide for the welfare of men below them.
Subordinate men support the leaders.
Every man has a job to do.
Leaders make and execute decisions quickly.

Good luck with finding for a job.
Please contact me when you arrive in Hong Kong.
Then, we can find for a job together.
I am looking forward to receiving your reply.
Thank you for your kind attention.

In the device design, all the loading channels are connected to the loading areas, which are holes drilled at the beginning (before anodic bonding).
The sample and reagents are loaded into there.
In addition, some holes are used as reservoirs for waste collection.
These are the places to which the electric current flows.
It is worth noting that in addition to being the loading areas, they are also used as the insertion points for electrodes, which are connected to a programmable supply voltage source.

The short snout has evolved for the specialized task of grazing on algae which grows on rocks.
The mouth and surrounding skin has toughened to withstand the impact with the rough reef surface.
Like other fish in the sergeant fish family they have a number of small spines protruding near their tail.
The spines near their tail is how they got their name, also commonly called the scalpel fish.
As mentioned above the spines on the tail serve dual purposes as a means of defence and as an anchor while sleeping

A sealed or closed box baffle is the most basic but often the cleanest sounding sub-woofer box design.
The sub-woofer box in its most simple form, serves to isolate the back of the speaker from the front, much like the theoretical infinite baffle.
The sealed box provides simple construction and controlled response for most sub-woofer applications.
The slow low end roll-off provides a clean transition into the extreme frequency range.
Unlike ported boxes, the cone excursion is reduced below the resonant frequency of the box and driver due to the added stiffness provided by the sealed box baffle.

The interview is likely to begin with the client asking you a question.
Your task is to probe further until you are fully satisfied that you are clear exactly what the client wishes to find out.
Remember to ask for clarification from the client about the topic e.g.
ask them to spell uncommon words, expand on the topic under investigation etc.
This is particularly important with clients who may be subject experts.

Description: A high energy (order 50 MeV) particle accelerator generates a proton beam.
This beam is neutralized (combined with electrons to make neutral atoms), then ejected.
The exhaust is moving at a substantial fraction of the speed of light, so performance is very high.
This type of machine was explored under the US missile defense program as a way of destroying missiles (with the beam).
The energy required for space propulsion with this method exceeds the energy available from nuclear fusion, so it only makes sense with antimatter or external power sources such as a laser.

Haiku is Japanese and means a short poem of a certain type.
Originally, when the project was started in late 2001, it was called OpenBeOS; later, it was renamed Haiku.
Haiku poems are simple and elegant, and that is what the Haiku Operating System also strives to be.
The goal of Haiku is to be source and binary compatible to BeOS 5.0, and then extend it further to new areas.
Because of the modularity of BeOS and because a free of charge, usable version was available, it was not an impossible task to start recreating the operating system.

Users may want to use the codice_38 command for, say, batch downloads of files from a remote site.
In order to automate this process, they can configure a codice_39 file to provide access without the need to input a password.
Once this is done, a script can be run to transfer files using, say, a scheduled batch task.
Unfortunately the format of the codice_39 file stores the password in plain text.
Anybody who has read access to the codice_39 file can also obtain the user's login password.

The presentation should be as easy to follow as possible while maintaining a sufficient level of rigour.
The book will not give insight into all the mathematical background needed to derive the stated results in a formal way, but rather focus on helping the understanding of the student.
The exposition will be based on worked examples, with the focus on pedagogical analyses.
Ideally, all examples should be taken from relevant and published medical studies, but this needs careful consideration of any copyrights involved.
As a simple alternative, suitably simulated data can often be introduced instead.

Now we add the values where there's a one bit.
16+8+4 = 28.
Since we did a conversion, we add the negative sign to give a value of -28.
So if we treat 11100100 (base 2) as a signed number, it has a value of -28.
If we treat it as an number, it has a value of 228.

The universe is not quite as mysterious as it once appeared to be.
Cosmologists and astronomers now understand a great deal about its past, present and future, as well as what creates and controls its contents.
Using computers and instruments to analyze photons collected by different types of telescopes, it is possible to infer what was likely to have been happening when these photons were created, and even what energies and matters were encountered in their journey through space and time.
As we progress in this manner, we find that the science of cosmology depends upon—in fact, mostly is—the physics of energy and matter.
In other words, the behaviour of the gigantic is controlled by the properties of the minuscule, the ultimate test of reality’s rational conformity to causality.

Following the Tournament's final event, Barty Crouch, Jr., who has been impersonating the real Professor Moody, is apprehended.
After Barty's confession, Dumbledore takes Harry to his office where Sirius, ragged and worried, awaits.
Sirius feels Harry should rest, but Dumbledore insists that Harry immediately face what happened.
Harry recounts Cedric Diggory's murder and Voldemort's resurrection in the graveyard.
Dumbledore then escorts Harry to the Hospital Wing, telling Sirius, back in his dog form, that he can stay with Harry.

Electric current is the flow of charge from one place to another, reminiscent of the way ocean current is the flow of water from one place to another.
Charge is like a tiny indivisible packet of electricity, and is carried by electrons.
The charge on each electron is fixed, but if more electrons flow in a given time, then more charge is said to be flowing.
An electron is a type of charge carrier - it carries charge, but it is not the only type.
Later we will introduce another kind of charge carrier used in all electronics, so while we talk about electrons as the entity that carries charge, keep in mind that the term "charge carrier" is sometimes more appropriate.

Critics of this idea point out that birth rates are voluntarily the lowest in developed nations, which also have the highest access to food.
In fact, the population is decreasing in some countries with abundant food supply.
Thus, human populations do not always grow to match the available food supply.
Critics cite other factors that contribute to declining birth rates in developed nations, including: increased access to contraception, later ages of marriage, the growing desire of many women in such settings to seek careers outside of childrearing and domestic work, and the decreased economic 'utility' of children in industrialized settings.
The latter explanation stems from the fact that children perform a great deal of work in small-scale agricultural societies, and work less in industrial ones; this interpretation may seem callous, but it has been cited to explain the drop-off in birthrates worldwide in all industrializing regions.

Theodor Herzl entered into the Zionist movement fully aware of these competing interests, and considered their balance "an egg dance".
Herzl was a journalist from Vienna assigned to the Dreyfus Affair.
Alfred Dreyfus was a Jewish officer in French Army accused of passing military documents to the German Embassy.
Despite the lack of any conclusive evidence, he was convicted of treason and sentenced to life imprisonment.
From the Dreyfus Affair, Herzl concluded that antisemitism was difficult to escape no matter how "enlightened" a country one lived in.

The GUI on FreeMiNT is also synchronous and needs a message loop.
My intention is to run away from this and make it a fullscreen application instead, because the alternative would be very very messy on this OS (since there are no non-expensive and useful threads.
Is there any function to poll the event loop without blocking?
X11 and SDL drivers use this approach.
They just poll the loop 50 times per second using VBlank interrupt.

Most obviously, when making an ace-high flush you may have the nuts, and you will break any player with a lower flush.
Also, when the flop brings a flush draw there are two scenarios; there is no ace, in which case you have a flush draw and an overcard, or there is an ace, in which case you have top pair with a flush draw.
This means you have 12 cards to improve your hand above the current top pair by making a flush, pair of aces, or two pair.
This gives a very good chance of winning a showdown.
Unfortunately, the flush is so obvious that it will take very good play to extract maximum value from a solid, conservative player.

Greedy algorithms tend to be very efficient and can be implemented in a relatively straightforward fashion.
Many a times in O(n) complexity as there would be a single choice at every point.
However, most attempts at creating a correct greedy algorithm fail unless a precise proof of the algorithm's correctness is first demonstrated.
When a greedy strategy fails to produce optimal results on all inputs, we instead refer to it as a heuristic instead of an algorithm.
Heuristics can be useful when speed is more important than exact results (for example, when "good enough" results are sufficient).

If we begin with an arbitrary set, it may not be immediately obvious what is needed to imbue it with an interesting structure.
One possibility might be to define a metric on the set, but as it turns out, requiring a metric is overly restrictive.
In fact, there are many equivalent ways to define what we will call a topological space just by defining families of subsets of a given set.
The properties of the topological space depend on the number of subsets and the ways in which these sets overlap.
Topological spaces can be fine or coarse, connected or disconnected, have few or many dimensions.

A voltmeter with extremely high input resistance capable of measuring electrical charge with minimal influence to that charge.
Ubiquitous in nucleonics, physics and bio-medical disciplines.
Enables the direct verification of charge measured in coulombs according to Q=CV.
Additionally, electrometers can generally measure current flows in the femtoampere range, i.e.
.000000000000001 ampere.

Their favorite subjects are ones that they have an interest in and ones that they can do things with and apply to the world around them.
Music, drama, dance, competitive sports and computers are among many they like.
They may also go into those areas when choosing their careers.
Careers that may appeal to ESFPs are: actor, musician, stand up comedian, dancer, dance instructor, their favorite position in their sport of choice, gardener, painter, sculptor and chef.
Sometimes though, it's hard for them to decide.

Howe could have ended the war by pursuing Washington's forces.
But Howe was very cautious and took almost no risks.
He feared losing too many men so far from home.
Britain hired German mercenaries (Hessians) to guard the British fort at Trenton.
Howe took advantage of these replacements and decided to wait until spring to attack the Continental Army again.

These frigates usually appear alone and without aid of a larger fleet, and, when orbiting planets, seem to be the source of the many experiments and strongholds planetside.
This seems to suggest that the Pirates are very independent of High Command, and this may also explain their wide range of appearances, since they may identify each other's position in physical appearance and personal experimentation.
For example, "Orpheon", in "Metroid Prime", in-game (the official artwork reveals a far more insectoid figure), boasts Pirates with muscular, reptilian features under a scaly exterior with almost fleshy covering, and heads with clearly defined claw-like hands and mouths, also reptilian.
However, the ship the GF troopers shoot down at the beginning of "Metroid Prime 2: Echoes" boasts the planetside Pirates with their distinctive claws, insectoid heads, and a clearly defined exoskeleton.

Chess Opening Theory/1.
e4/1...Nc6/2.
d4/2...d5/3.
Nc3/3... a6

The expression formula_5 is referred to as the "closed-loop transfer function" of the system.
The numerator is the forward (open-loop) gain from "r" to "y", and the denominator is one plus the gain in going around the feedback loop, the so-called loop gain.
If formula_6, i.e., it has a large norm with each value of "s", and if formula_7, then "Y(s)" is approximately equal to "R(s)" and the output closely tracks the reference input.
This page gives an LMI to reduce the gain so that the ouput closely tracks the reference input.

Chess Opening Theory/1.
d4/1...d5/2.
c4/2...c6/3.
Nc3/3...dxc4/4.e3/4...b5/5.Nxb5/5...cxb5/6.Qf3/6...Nc6/7.Qxc6+/7...Bd7/8.Qf3/8...e5

Dracula: “Pro que ili es stupid!
Li nocte quande hay li blu flammes, ili ne vole ear for.
Ili ne ama li blu flammes.
Anc vu ne ama li blu flammes, ne ver?”

When starting out, you shouldn't focus on creating complicated EV spreads.
The folks over at Smogon and many others have done that work for you.
When looking for an EV spread for your Pokémon, you should check out these resources and see which one fits your idea or role best.
Later on, as you gain more experience and understand the intricacies of competitive battling better, you'll be able to naturally work out EV spreads for your specific objectives.

The Dark World equivalent of Kakariko Village is the Village of Outcasts, overrun with thieves, gambling establishments, and Moblins.
The weather vane has been replaced by a demon statue, and several trees now talk.
One shop begins selling Good Bees (called Golden Bees in the remake) if Link shows the merchant there one from the ice cave in northeastern Lake Hylia (Light World).
The Good/Golden Bee could be unleashed to attack enemies on the screen.

The first measure of reparation to be adopted by the breaching, responsible State, enshrined in Article 25 of the Draft Articles, is restitution, understood as the reestablishment of the previous situation or "status quo ante", that is, the return to the situation as it was before the internationally wrongful act happened.
The basis of restitution is the effort to be made by the State that commits a wrongful act to erase the consequences of its behavior and to try to bring the injured State to a situation as close and materially as possible to the moment prior to the wrongful behavior.
Usually, it takes the form of a material conduct such as the release of persons illegally detained, the return of property, the reversal of a judicial decision or a legal norm that violates an international obligation, the withdrawal of troops, etc.
Restitution as a path within reparation is not indispensable in cases where it is materially impossible to return to previous circumstances.

A computer cluster consists of a number of computers linked together, generally through local area networks (LANs).
All the connected component-computers work closely together and in many ways as a single unit.
One of the big advantages of computer clusters over single computers, are that they usually improves the performance greatly, while still being cheaper than single computers of comparable speed and size.
Besides that a cluster provides in general larger storage capacity, better data integrity.

Same as Dare 7-1, except another tilted platform is on the other side, but there’s no reason to use it.
Bullet-bills are fired from both sides, don’t run into them!
Just keep a little right-of-center of the left platform and jump as soon as you land on it each time and hope the bullet-bills don’t get in your way.
Use shorter hops if one is fired above you.

Battlewise, Tim possesses unique skills as opposed to other characters.
Instead of learning skills by finding them, he learns skills by equipping mediums and killing enemies with them equipped.
After killing a certain number of enemies with that medium equipped, he gains a permanent skill that remains even if you equip another medium.
He also allows other characters to use their "Combine" Force Power.

Healing "Hate" is cummulative.
In this case, the healer healed 5 PCs fighting the mob for 50 points each.
Hence, the healer picks up "250 points" of "Hate".
The mob will now hoof it after the healer, and the DDs would be hard pressed to draw him off, especially if the healer strikes back or continue to heal himself (which is very likely).

Woohoo!
You've finally made it to level 10!
Okay, so rush your way off to the town of Southperry, and talk to the man "Shanks" and pay the 150 mesos fee straight to Victoria Island, once you get there, jump off the ship and go to the left of Lith Harbor to see a NPC (Non-playable character) named Phil, talk to him and he will let you go to one of the towns in Victoria Island, with a fee, of course, but Beginners get 90% off (Yay for you!)
so rush yourself to Perion and run all the way up to the top of Perion, till you've got to "Dances with Balrog" and he'll turn you into a Warrior.

Ozzie Pants: The ultimate helmet in the game, or just an annoyance?
Charm the Ozzie Pants from Ozzie when you're fighting the Ozzie trio or when fighting him by himself afterwards, and you'll get this rare set of pants you can wear on your head.
It offers the best physical defense, but it inflicts chaos and HP down status, so you may want to compensate with an amulet or something.
Defense: 45

Can be explored only on "Final Fantasy X".
The dungeon is located in an unexplored part of Spira, at the Easternmost part of Spira's large continent.
It has several game goodies.
Optional

Also, just before the falling ceiling maze, there's two Q-Blocks.
The first (and visible) ?-block releases some Yoshi-wings for a secret bonus area, if you have Yoshi with you.
Which is cool, as Mario riding Yoshi is too big to survive the ceiling maze.
The other block is hidden off-view in the upper-left above the pipe you just came in through, and always has a feather (Probobly a green block).

Chess Opening Theory/1.
e4/1...e5/2.
d4/2...exd4/3.
c3/3...d3

Return - A branching statement that causes a function to jump back to the function that called it.
Allowing it to be also used as a way to break out of a loop.
A return statement returns occasional results from a function or simply finishes a function.
There is an implicit return at the end of any function, so you do not need to use one if your function ends naturally, without returning any value.

The mechanism underlying the phrase ‘"time flies when you are having fun"’ has been scientifically examined and qualitative evidence has been found to support the hypothesis that emotion does affect time perception.
A 2011 French study run by Professor Driot-Volet and Sandrine Gil involved showing subjects extracts of films intended to induce fear, sadness, or indifference (neutral clips like weather reports used for the latter).
After viewing, subjects estimated the duration of a stimulus, and having seen a fear inducing clip, time seemed to slow down, as fear activates an internal response that increases the rate of the internal body clock.
Surprisingly, sad clips were not seen to alter subjects sense of time, as the clips were not personal.

In September 1983 Atari disposed of surplus cartridges in a Alamogordo, New Mexico landfill.
This fact became an urban legend as time went on, until it was confirmed in a landfill dig.
Cartridges were found following 30 feet of digging.
The recovery project caused many to look at archeology in a new light, due to the recovery of something relatively recent.

Authors Adams, Sallis, Norman, Hovel and Hekler work in the health departments of University institutes across California and Arizona.
Although this paper was among his earlier research, primary author Assoc.
Prof. Marc Adams is very well-published.
Adams has co-authored 197 articles and is often cited on platforms such as The Lancet and the Journal of the American Dietetic Association.

BATTERIES.
ACCUMULATORS.
X-RAY APPARATUS.
SPARK

There are 53 fertiliser quality control laboratories in the country.
Though the Green Revolution increased yields greatly, it aimed at the better-endowed regions.
For millions of farmers languishing in the dry lands, constituting more than 70% of the cultivable lands, it continues to be a futile struggle.
Despite emphasis on dry land farming during the past several decades, the scenario still remains grim.

Metallic bonding is a unique feature of metals, and can be described as a special case of ionic bonding involving the sharing of free electrons among a structure of positively charged ions (cations).
Materials composed of metallic bonded atoms exhibit high conductivity of electricity, as electrons are free to pass between atoms across its surface.
This is why electrical wires are composed of metals like copper, gold, and iron, since they can conduct electricity across their surface, since electrons are shared evenly between many atomic bonds.
Material composed of metallic bonding also have a metallic luster or shine, and can be more ductile (bend) easily because of the flexibility of these bonds.

Urban sprawl may have secondary detrimental environmental effects.
Baja California sources the majority of its energy from power plants, such as those in Rosarito and Ensenada.
These power plants are massive contributors to man-made climate change.
Increases in tourism and resulting urban sprawl will increase demand for energy from these pants, which run off destructive natural gasses supplied by the United States.

Commonwealth of Australia.
Postmaster-General's Department, 29th November, 1901.
TASMANIA.
HIS Excellency the Governor-General in and over the Commonwealth of Australia, by and with the advice of the Executive Council thereof, has been pleased to approve of the following appointments, transfers, &amp;c., in the Postmaster-General's Department in the State of Tasmania to take effect from the date set opposite the respective names:— Appointments. . . . W. T. S. Crawford, Operator, Queenstown, 7th June, 1901.

When you hear "identity," you think of a person's name.
In math, however, identity simply means a number that does not change another number.
What number makes that true?
Let us some basic logic to figure this out.

Liu Hu, a previously largely popular detective in China, lost a case where he accused an official of extortion.
The punishment was to publish a public apology and pay a fine.
The court then asked for an extra fee, but when he refused, Hu was then blacklisted and now is under effective house arrest as he can not apply for a high-speed train to travel quickly anymore.
His social media accounts, where he posted most of his journalism, have also been shut down.

A threat to the Amazon is a threat to the world.
As the threat became obvious, French President Emmanuel Macron drew attention to the fires at the 2019 G7 summit.
Macron later announced $20 million in funding to combat the Amazon fires.
Bolsonaro was infuriated by this and initially refused to accept the funding, claiming that Macron “disguised his intentions behind the idea of an ‘alliance’ of G-7 countries to ‘save’ the Amazon, as if we were a colony or a no-man’s land.”

The Hob and Spoke airport network structure is a new route layout pattern first appeared in the United States in the 1970s.
It is characterized by the fact that cities with smaller passenger flows are not directly navigable, but are all connected to a hub airport.
Through the hub airport, the flight connection, transit passengers and goods are used to achieve the purpose of fast transportation of passengers and goods.
The adoption of a central route structure has the following advantages for airlines:

a.    Static: Organisms are placed in still water containing a chemical (or in control water).
The water is not changed during the test.
This system is widely used, but for studies longer than 24h they may not accurately represent chemical effects.
This is because the concentration of the chemical may change over time and toxic effects may be produced from a build-up of metabolic byproducts released by the organisms.

Nu it es un hora, e il e Van Helsing sede con la.
Li proxim vigil es li mi.
Yo time que deman va finir nor vigilantie - li povri puella ne posse ameliorar se.
Mey Deo auxiliar nos.

The overlap of two p orbitals will form either a σ and a σ* orbitals or a π and a π*orbitals.
Generally, we choose to assign the z axis of two atoms point to each other which allows the pz orbitals overlap “head” to “head” and form σ and σ* orbitals.
This also allows the px orbitals overlap “side” to “side” and form π and π*orbitals.
This also applies for the py orbitals.

Relativity is a concept that appears in Newtonian physics in terms of "inertial reference frames" and "relative motion".
These relativistic ideas go back at least as far as Galileo and are often referred to as "Galielean Relativity".
So we will first discuss Galilean Relativity before moving on to Special Relativity.
This will help you understand what is "special" about "Special Relativity".

An important difference with regular chess is that bringing the queen out early can be very strong in four-player chess and may often be a good idea.
The four-player chess board is significantly larger than a regular chess board and therefore the queens are not as vulnerable to tempo moves as in regular chess.
The queens are also very good at controlling key squares on the board and creating multiple threats, because of their great mobility.
However, a mistake commonly made by less experienced players is to keep moving the queens around in the opening only to create one-move threats that are easily parried, while their opponents gain a significant lead in development.

Airport privatization has been a much discussed subject in the U.S.
In 1996, Congress took steps to allow for airport privatization through the Airport Privatization Pilot Program, but since only two airports have successfully privatized - Branson, Missouri and San Juan, Puerto Rico.
Since 2001, twelve airports have submitted applications for consideration into the Airport Privatization Pilot Program, but many have withdrawn their applications.
The main reasons

At the time of publication, authors had varying levels of experience in the field.
Three of them had participated in over 20 studies in relating fields; the other two had little experience.
The study was published in the Journal of Clinical Oncology.
A highly reputable journal that has been running for 36 years.

Bennett, W. Lance, and Alexandra Segerberg.
2011.
“Digital Media and the Personalization of Collective Action.” "Information, Communication &amp; Society" 14 (6): 770–99.
http://www.tandfonline.com/doi/abs/10.1080/1369118X.2011.579141.

A law is like a condensed information.
In one statement it determines a wealth of information on all the special cases to which it can be applied.
When we reason with laws, what we discover is not said in the premises, it is only involved implicitly.
Reasoning enables us to discover all that laws can teach us.

When the formula_41 are positive, these are future payments.
Since formula_40 is generally positive, future payments are all the more devalued as they are distant in time.
The higher the discount rate, the more the future payments are devalued relative to the value of the present payments.
When the formula_41 are negative, they are past payments.

Based on these definitions, mindful use of technology is a technology trend that encourages the individual who is using a technological device to become aware of their present moment.
It is awareness of thoughts, feelings, actions, emotions, and sensations.
It is the intentional use of the technology.
The purpose of being mindful of the use of technology is to not allow oneself to become lost in the technological device but to remain consciously aware.

When we prove a conclusion by logical reasoning, the premises determine sufficient conditions of truth.
Whatever interpretation is chosen, if the premises are true, then the conclusion is true.
Reasoning serves not only to prove, but also to explain the conditions of truth.
To understand a theorem, one must know its proof, because it gives truth conditions which specify how one must interpret it.

http://www.driver.novac.co.jp/driver/sta_black/bst_drv.html .
As many other CD/DVDROM drivers, NJUSBCDA.SYS accepts from command line the codice_25 parameter, followed by an arbitrary identifier (for example, codice_26) of up to 8 characters long.
It is used for drive's identification by file system translation utility – either MSCDEX.EXE (5.08-03) or SHSUCDEX.EXE (5.08-04), one of which should be loaded afterwards.
It should be given exactly the same identifier in its command line.

"NOTE: For stamps in the OO-C3 series the different types are distinguished by the value figures as well as the frank design.
The shape of the triads (≋) in the value figures makes a difference.
Four different wavy line triads were used: A is tall and wide, B is tall and medium width, C is tall and narrow, and D is short and narrow.
Types A and B are very similar, but the lines in B have more curl."

Reddit, deemed the "front page of the internet," is a perfect example of a startup that took advantage of fake users to build their own reputation.
According to Steve Huffman, a co-founder, Reddit populated the site's content with tons of fake accounts in its early days.
By doing this, Reddit was able to shape the site in the way they wanted, and as the real user base grew, the fake accounts began to fade away.
Huffman and Ohanian, both cofounders, filled the site with high-quality content and articles they would want to read themselves, which "set the tone" for the site.

The researchers of this study were confident in their conclusion that physical activity does improve the executive functioning of children with ADHD, however they also recognised that there were significant limitations to their research.
For example, they recognised that in order to understand the full effects of physical activity on executive functioning, they would need to include a comparison group comprising of children without ADHD.
They also questioned the validity of the study as many of the participants were taking stimulant medication at the time of testing which may have altered the results.
Therefore, further studies are needed to investigate the effect of physical activity on children with ADHD who are not taking medication.

European Union.
“Durban Conference Delivers Breakthrough for Climate.” Press release.
December 11, 2012.
Accessed December 19, 2013. http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_MEMO-11-895_en.htm?locale=en.

The effect of exercise on CP has been broadly studied in past decades in order to evaluate improvement on quality of life for CP patients .
In the study under analysis, the main aim of the study was to evaluate the effectiveness of exercise in improving quality of life for CP children.
A combination of flexibility,skeletal muscle strength and skeletal muscle endurance training formed the basis for the exercise programme intervention within this study .
As stated above, there are many benefits associated with this type of exercise.

Placement of operator '#' in a match expression allows to exclude arbitrary subtrees from applying the match operation in subsequent matches.
I.e.
the marked subtrees are not traversed.
For example if we only want to match the for-statements at the outer most level, but no nested for statements, we can use:

· wrote about 3 genres of rhetorical theory.
was used in the judicial process and focused on the past to establish innocence or guilt.
focuses on the future and is primarily found in legislative speeches.
is found in ceremonial speeches and can be used to blame or praise someone or something .

We come back to this idea of private vs. public in relation to the individual vs. the collective.
The private space being an area (whether physical or virtual) for an individual to be themselves (although with developing technological tools such as blogging or vlogging, this idea is contested).
The idea of the collective refers more to the public domain located in a public space, such as government institutions within the public sector and the management of public affairs being for the greater good of the city state.
Papacharissi argues that within this historical context, “private property ownership signified status and granted individuals participation rights which led to greater power leverage in public life.” Therefore, it is impossible to define one concept without the other.

In the late fifties, concerns over the dangerous radioactive fallout that was being released by atmospheric tests of nuclear weapons had sent “the testing community” in search of alternatives that would stop, or at the very least mitigate, the pollution; the eventual preferred solution was to move the tests underground, however other options such as testing in space or under water were also explored.
In 1963, the Limited Test Ban Treaty prohibited tests “in the atmosphere, in outer space, and underwater,” forcing all further testing underground.
The last full-scale test at the NTS occurred on September 23, 1992, after which Congress banned future tests. . As of 1993, the year that President George H.W.
Bush signed a moratorium on U.S. nuclear tests, there had been an estimated total of 953 nuclear bombs detonated within the state of Nevada.

It is estimated that 5% of adults over 50 and 12-20% over 65 have PAD and 20% over 70 have PAD.
Doctors recognise that PAD is becoming a much more prevalent problem in the elderly and can diagnose PAD on the basis of medical history with a physical examination which focuses on the heart and blood vessels.
Efficiently documenting the presence and severity of PAD in the lower extremities is through measurement ABI (ankle brachial index).
The ABI can be calculated by dividing ankle systolic pressure measure with blood pressure at malleolar level by the higher of the two brachial pressures.

When developing a website, typically three main languages come into play.
These languages are JavaScript, CSS, and HTML.
HTML is the backbone of most webpages.
Essentially, it is used to create the structure of how a specific website would look like, from the headings, to the paragraphs, the body, links, and even images.

The "instruments" used to facilitate instruction are a series of paper and pencil exercises geared towards practicing internalizing higher order thinking strategies.
The instruments cover domains such as analytic perception, spatial organization, categorization, comparison and many more.
The implementation of this program varies across countries and is also dependent on the targeted population.
A typical program contains 14 units with 3-4 sessions for a few hours every week administered by trained IE staff and teachers.

2.)
On the next screen, select the Register button.
If your address does not have enough Radon at this point, it will throw a prompt stating that.
Also check out, [How to get Radon] if you have questions.

What do the majority of us all have in common?
If you are one of the hundreds of millions of people using social networks, then there is a strong chance that you are linked to them through an online relationship.
The information you share with your contacts online completely depends on you.
However, you cannot control what other people do with the information you post online, and it is this secondary use of information that is posted online that is a major problem.

WAV files don't involve any compression at all and will be the size of files that you have calculated already.
There are lossless compressed file formats out there such as FLAC which compress the WAV file into data generally 50% the original size.
To do this it uses run length encoding, which looks for repeated patterns in the sound file, and instead of recording each pattern separately, it stores information on how many times the pattern occurs in a row.
Let us take a hypothetical set of sample points:

The results of three regression models to predict child mortality in sub-Saharan Africa are reported in Figure 7-15.
Model 1 is a simple linear regression model with just one predictor, National income.
Each additional $1000 of national income is associated with a decline in the child mortality rate of 6.84 children per 1000 children born in the country.
This result is highly significant statistically.

Wolters, C. A.
(2004).
Advancing Achievement Goal Theory: Using Goal Structures and Goal Orientations to Predict Students’ Motivation, Cognition, and Achievement.
"Journal of Educational Psychology", 96(2), 236-250.

Xītóu yóu 4-tiáo zhǔyào de rèndài zhīchēngzhe.
Qízhōng 2-tiáo zài xītóu de liǎngcè, chēngwéi nèicè-rèndài hé wàicè-rèndài.
Lìngwài 2-tiáo rèndài zài xītóu qiánfāng hé hòufāng, chēngwéi qián-rèndài hé hòu-rèndài.
Tāmen de gōngnéng shì fángzhǐ xītóu de yíwèi.

The people of Mehrgarh initially built small circular or rectangular houses with mud and reed.
Living close to the Indus River meant that when the river flooded, the water would wash away the mud houses.
Thus, the people ingeniously devised a way to fashion their houses out of mud brick.
The Mehrgarh residents were avid agriculturists and valued their produce.

First fill in all the answers, then push the button at the bottom.
If the result is not what you hoped for, it may give you a clue as to what parts you need to revisit before you move on.
Remember: kids "love" to play "again!"
It is their secret weapon.

Design of Cities, first published in 1967, is an illustrated account of the development of urban form, written by Edmund Bacon (1910–2005), who was the Executive Director of the Philadelphia City Planning Commission from 1949 to 1970.
The work looks at the many aspects that influence city design, including spatial form, interactions between humans, nature and the built environment, perception of favorable environments, color, and perspective.
Bacon also explores the growth of cities from early Greek and Roman times to Philadelphia's design in the 1960s.
It is considered a seminal text on urban planning.

 are essential nutrients for the human body.
They are one of the building blocks of body tissue, and can also serve as a fuel source.
As a fuel, proteins contain 4 kcal/g, just like carbohydrates and unlike lipids, which contain 9 kcal/g.
The most important aspect and defining characteristic of protein from a nutritional standpoint is its amino acid composition.

Like YouTube, Vimeo allows users to share, rework and reuse videos.
There is a whole section on the website solely dedication to videos which have a CC license, and is split into the different types of licenses so users can pick what types of video they use to their preference.
There are arising complaints around Youtubes distinct lack of Creative Commons licensing support.
Only supplying the CC BY licence for videos, potentially content intended for non-commercial use, can be taken from a Youtube channel, re-uploaded and monetized for that individuals own gain..

Open licensing typically results in resources being made available more cheaply (or for free).
Some commentators have suggested that the distinction between 'open' and 'free' that is derived from the .
While free software focuses on the freedom of agents within the software world (eg.
users and developers) 'open source' software focuses on the advantages to the software development process of transparency and sharing.

The Judicial Council RFP stipulated that the annual service fee payments (lease payments) would be the sole reimbursement to the Project Company for the financing, design, construction, operations and maintenance of the new facility.
Mr. Ham characterized the service payment not as compensation for the purchase of a building but rather as compensation for providing the Judicial Council with a comprehensive set of performance based facility management services (Clifford Ham, 2014).
Payments to the Project Company would not occur until after occupancy of the facility.
The value of the service fee payments would be determined by the amortized cost of the fixed price proposal to design and construct the facility and the ability of the Project Company to meet prescribed minimum service (performance) levels during each payment period.

Black colored region in the diagram represents the implementer side of the process.
What goes on inside this box is of no concern to the users; number of sub-processes involved, intermediate outputs produced are immaterial to them.
As a matter of fact, the module could have been written in a programming language other than C and it would still be OK as long as the client and the implementer use the same binary interface.
All they should care about is the output of this black-box, Complex.o, and the header file, Complex.h, which is needed to figure out the functionality offered by Complex.o.

A true error (formula_1) is defined as the difference between the true (exact) value and an approximate value.
This type of error is only measurable when the true value is available.
You might wonder why we would use an approximate value instead of the true value.
One example would be when the true value cannot be represented precisely due to the notational system or the limit of the physical storage we use.

Turkey is a healthy food.
It is rich in protein, omega-3, and different kinds of vitamin B.
Eating turkey without skin can reduce the risk of pancreatic cancer.
Skinned turkey breast is healthier than skinned turkey leg, because its saturated fat is about 10% of the saturated fat of skinned turkey leg.

The middle ear is composed of the ear drum (tympanic membrane), attached to the inner ear through a delicate bone structure (malleus, incus and stapes).
The middle ear bones (ossicles) and the muscles which keeps them in place are the smallest in the human body.
One of the main functions of the middle ear is to transfer the sound from the air to the fluids in the inner ear efficiently.
If the sound were to have an impact directly on the inner ear, most of it would simply be reflected back because acoustical impedance of the air is different from that of the fluids.

Periodic trends are specific patterns that are present in the periodic table, which illustrate different aspects of a certain element, including its size and its properties with electrons.
When comparing the properties of the chemical elements, recurring ('periodic') trends are apparent.
This led to the creation of the periodic table as a useful way to display the elements and rationalize their behavior.
When laid out in tabular form, many trends in properties can be observed to increase or decrease as one progresses along a row or column.

South Africa's first black president Nelson Mandela has died at the age of 95 in Johannesburg.
Mandela had become the president of South Africa in the 1990's, after fighting against white-minority rule and was imprisoned for 27 years.
Mandela had been receiving intensive care at home for a lung infection after spending three months at hospital.
Mandela will receive a full state funeral.

When the German Army returned home after the new government had signed the Armistice, they were still greeted as heroes.
For the German population, however, the defeat came as a shock.
The Germany Army had occupied parts of France and Belgium and had defeated Russia.
The German people had been told that their army was on the very of victory; the defeat did not seem to have been caused by any overwhelming Allied military victory, and certainly not by an invasion of Germany.

The charged particle must work against both the electric field and concentration gradient to successfully move through the membrane.
Recall from introductory physics that the work a charged particle exerts in an electric field is formula_105 or in terms of the potential formula_106.
Tacking this energy as a portion of the total chemical potential energy, formula_107.
To rewrite this equation in terms of mols, let's define a variable "F" where formula_108 so then the new equation would be formula_109.

functional independence.
However, it has been proven in a study Aerobic Capacity in Early Paraplegia that aerobic exercise can significantly improve quality of life and help to increase max VO2, nearly achieving similar results through an arm ergometer test as an able bodied athlete.
In this study it was also found that a higher V02 max is achieved using graded exercise (starting slow then increasing) as opposed to an intermittent exercise programme (intense training) in paraplegic athletes.
Therefore, treatment and rehabilitation should be progressive.

There are no simple answers.
It is not possible to point you in the direction of a single set of resources, materials or documents that will provide complete solutions.
There are only frameworks, constraints, and choices.
There are not even any syllabuses or appropriate schemes of work to draw from.

If a change to policy sticks, in the sense that it has been on the policy page for some weeks without being removed and discussion seems to support the change, the new or amended policy has been widely accepted.
The expectation is then that all editors will begin to follow the new policy when someone points it out.
Keeping informed about changing policies and guidelines is a real issue for editors; beyond the core content and behavioral policies, many editors may not know about all the policies and guidelines.
This is where Assume Good Faith applies: If User:Alice sees that User:Bob isn't following a new guideline, Alice should let Bob know that the guideline changed last month rather than scold him.

As you might expect, the quality of these articles vary widely, usually in predictable ways.
[[Jurassic]], [[December 2004]], and [[1800s]] are detailed; [[1485 BC]] is not.
In general, the less-detailed articles are scattershot collections of factoids.
If you're unsatisfied with a yearly article, move up to the decade or century level.

It will take work to design, build, and operate a MakerNet type of distributed production network.
There have to be enough advantages in having such a network to justify its creation.
At this point in developing the concept we cannot prove those advantages exist.
We can, however, list potential benefits, and then investigate them further as the concept evolves:

A held his saw in from of B and approached to B and B climbed high into the tree.
A sawed through the tree and B fell and got seriously injured.
C, a passerby,was struck by a car and sustained serious injuries while assisting B.
D watched the incident suffered severe emotional distress.

In order to use the TPACK framework with practicing teachers as they developed instructional units using Web 2.0 instructional tools and mathematical objects to verify whether technology increased their knowledge and enabled them to assimilate technology into an instructional unit adhering to TPACK, Bos(2011) reached 30 teachers who had a mean teaching experience of 5 years and were enrolled in a graduate elementary number concepts course in order to answer the question how TPACK seems when determining websites for instructional units in the mathematics classroom.
Teacher’s experience helps them to see importance of pedagogy and mathematical knowledge with their technology interaction.
Technological availability in class for each student can limit teachers’ TPACK use in class.
The researcher stated that the transition from a causal relationship with technology to a more connected bond built on an understanding of appropriate student-oriented pedagogy, conceptualized mathematical content, and cognitive complexity can lead to more teachable moments with technology as the manipulated medium and arm of instruction rather than as a glitzy add-on.

The round table of Grosseto was the turning point to really understand the approaches of the different persons in the team.
There were pleasant surprises.
Like Anna, Mirela, Liviana, Wilma: all so committed.
There were unpleasant discoveries of people wanting their salaries ensured even when their tasks are unfulfilled.

By contrast, South Africa remained intransigent in the face of U.S. efforts to encourage an end to racial apartheid through the controversial policy of “constructive engagement,” quiet diplomacy coupled with public endorsement of reform.
In 1986, frustrated at the lack of progress, the U.S. Congress overrode Reagan’s veto and imposed a set of economic sanctions on South Africa.
In February 1990, South African President F.W.
de Klerk announced Nelson Mandela’s release and began the slow dismantling of apartheid.

Panel on Micronutrients.
(2001) "Dietary Reference INtakes for Vitamin A, Vitamin K, Arsenic, Boron, Chromium, Copper, Iodine, Iron, Manganese, Molybdenum, Nickel, Silicon, Vanadium, and Zinc."
National Academy of Science.
Jan 9. pp 420–441.

However many experiences have taught us that changes are not always improvements.
When change is too fast, sometimes it breaks the social unity of local populations.
In such cases, after a quick economic growth, societies fall back into recession and misery.
So in order to promote a socially sustainable development, we need to invest also in the preservation of the traditional cultural values of societies that we want to change for the better.

As mentioned earlier, without proper maintenance of the mitochondria, then there will be a decrease in the effectiveness of the mitochondria.
This will then also affect the aging for one over time because of the increasing amount of mutations and deletions that may have occurred.
Which also damages and stops the translation and folding of proteins.
Therefore, there must be something that scientists came up with which is called, Protein quality control (QC) to help gain the proper structure of the protein and proteases that breaks down the proteins that have undergone mutations or misfolds.

This pathway is another non-smad pathway involved with TGF-β activation that contributes to EMT, cell migration, TGF-β mediated fibroblast proliferation and morphological transformation.
Recently, the PI3K/Akt pathway has been found to interfere with smad pathways (specifically Smad3) along with the transcription factor FoxO.
This interaction with the Smad3 pathway prevents it from participating in transcription by preventing both TβR1 mediated phosphorylation and nuclear localization of Smad3.
Because of this distinct interference with transcription via a smad-pathway, the PI3K/Akt non smad pathway is an important factor in understanding possible mechanisms of TGF-β mediated growth inhibition and transcription effects.

Justice, Daniel Heath.
2010.
"James Cameron's Avatar: Missed Opportunities."
First Peoples: New Directions in Indigenous Studies, January 20. http://www.firstpeoplesnewdirections.org/blog/?p=169.

The fares for a trip within the BART system can vary, starting from $1.75 and is based on distance.
The most expensive trip possible on the system can be $10.90, a rather steep price for public transportation.
This methodology differs from a metro area like Minneapolis-St.Paul, where their metro system offers a flat rate for system-wide transit (within 2.5 hours) with a rate based on peak or non-peak hours.
Like many other systems, there are multiple types of tickets a customer can purchase, though it is largely based on age and status.

Despite having used different environments and methods to test for hydrophobicity, each of the five aforementioned derived hydrophobicity scales all exhibit a well-defined correlation with one another .
For instance, the Radzicka-Wolfenden and MacCallum scales correlate very well with each other and yield almost identical absolute free energy differences.
The Wimley-White scale measures the interactions in the heterogeneous environment of water and 1-octanol, whereas the Moon-Fleming and Hessa "et al."
scales measure properties that are directly related to membrane protein insertion and stability.

Tragus -- A projection of cartilage, covered with skin that protrudes from the ear.
Also used to describe hair growing on the external ear.
Common on bat ears.
&lt;br&gt;

Oba Ewuare, the first Golden Age ruler, is credited with turning Benin City into a military fortress protected by moats and walls.
To enclose his palace he commanded the building of Benin's inner wall, a seven mile (11 km) long earthen rampart girded by a moat 50 feet (15 m) deep.
Ewuare also added great thoroughfares and erected nine fortified gateways.
It was from this bastion that he launched his military campaigns and began the expansion of the kingdom from the Edo-speaking heartlands.

Another difference between German and English is the umlaut.
The vowels a, o, and u can take an umlaut, becoming æ, œ, and y.
The umlaut changes the sound of the vowel.
For pronunciations of all the letters, go to the pronunciation guide.

Besides, the information landscape would be reshaped in the 21st century.
Lee (2007) points out that many libraries provide coffee shops, computer labs and Web 2.0 technologies as complement of their service.
It provides an instant gratification and choice for the users.
Those libraries can build a more relaxed atmosphere to encourage people to exchange knowledge in libraries.

------ Epstein, Richard, 1995.
Simple Rules for a Complex World.
Cambridge, MA.
Harvard

Issues of the accuracy and authenticity of a statement is not an issue of the judge in the voir dire but rather the trier-of-fact in the trial itself.
The issue is one of authenticity not admissibility.
However, this does not mean "all" issues of "accuracy and completeness of record[s]".
The "completeness, accuracy and reliability of the record" are relevant to the inquiry into the surrounding circumstances of the taking of the statement.

Two examples of the use of halates in chemiluminescence will now be mentioned.
A novel flow-injection system for the determination of formaldehyde has been described.
It is based on a strong enhancement by formaldehyde of the weak emission from the reaction between potassium bromate and rhodamine 6G in sulfuric acid.
The method has been applied to determine formaldehyde in the air samples and a possible mechanism has been proposed.

This category defines the three dimensional shape of an object in terms of a linked set of points, lines, curves, surfaces, or volumes.
In addition to the shape, a wide range of other parameters may be associated with the object.
Primitives, basic shapes such as boxes, cylinders, or spheres, often are used as starting points, and then various operations are performed to modify or join them into more complex shapes.
Wikipedia has an extensive list of 3D Modeling Software A few examples are:

Most information goods naturally have the characteristics of public goods.
They are non-rival and can be non-excludable.
However, technical and legal measures are often used to create excludable information goods.
For example, to restrict so-called "Intellectual Property" (IP), copyrights and patents impose penalties on unauthorized use or distribution of the information goods.

If the accused had drank alcohol within 15 minutes of the first test may render the ASD test unreliable.
The mere possibility of consuming alcohol within 15 minutes does not affect the reliability of the ASD.
(R v Einarson, (2004) 183 CCC (3d) at para 35) The main issue is whether there was any evidence which may have caused the officer to investigate when the accused had his last drink.
If "credible evidence" exists the officer should delay test for 15 minutes to ensure reliability.

The chamber has an exit valve which leads to the gun barrel.
It also has gas supply lines feeding the interior of the chamber and the volume between the chamber walls.
These lines are connected to regulators which maintain nearly equal gas pressures, which in turn are nearly equal to the ocean pressure.
This allows the chamber to be moved to the surface for maintenance, and to be placed at different depths for providing different firing pressures or different gun elevations.

Chess Opening Theory/1.
d4/1...d5/2.
c4/2...c6/3.
cxd5

The Consumer Electronics Association commended the sponsors of the bill, calling it "a quick, effective way to shut down pirate sites without damaging legitimate companies or enriching trial lawyers."
The bill was also praised by the Computer and Communications Industry Association.
Google copyright counsel Fred von Lohmann said for his company, "We think following the money, the money that supports foreign rogue sites, is a sensible place to start.
It was quite successful in offshore gambling... We've been very clear with members of the committee that we support that."

Mythologically, Alchemy started with *Hermes the Thrice Great* who had three distinct forms or incarnations.
Early alchemists were directly involved in smelting metal from ores, amalgamating metals and forging gold.
The history of alchemy includes two main components: the "outer" and the "inner" or secret history.
The inner history is only passed on orally and therefore is only available to initiates.

In such a list, the more common forms are given first.

