Split-second timing is required on this level, for you must push blocks WHILE they are sliding on the ice! One miss can be fatal.
Get the ice skates and hit the clone button four times. Move over to the right side. About 8 moves to the right you will see a strip running up and down. Go to the far left sqaure on this strip, right above the blocks.
Watch carefully and you will see two blocks hitting the wall.
As the two blocks return to the left side, intercept the second block and push it down. Move to the center row of this strip. The remaining three blocks are pushing against the wall; intercept the third block as it goes back left.
Go to the far right column and push the remaining two blocks down as they come.
Move up the strip to where it intersects with the strip above you and go to where the far left column of this strip intersects the lower row of the top strip. A block is in front of you; push it to the right.
When it comes back, the two blocks on the far right side will stop it and then hit the top of the level. Just as they are going down, intercept the top block and push it towards the other block. Move to the far right of this strip.
Wait for the blocks to come to the right. If you push the block now, you will be sqaushed.
Thus, wait about half a move for the other block to move back to the left.
The second block is still held against the wall; push it down. Go to the middle column and intercept the other block.

Move to the bottom of this strip and the center of the strip to the right.
Intercept the front block and push it right. Move down to the bottom row and push the other block to the right.
Leave this section for now; go back to where the four blocks were.
Travel down this strip and get on the strip to the right of it. Hurry to the right side as the block comes down and push it to the left from the middle of the strip below you.
Wait and intercept the next block from the bottom row. Run quickly left and move the other block down from the right column of the strip.
Go to the bottom of the strip and push the block right.
Move over to the left and intercept the block on the right column. Push the block on the top column of the bottom strip and blow up the bomb to get 6 chips.
Return to where the other block is sliding.
Go just below it and all the way to the right. As it comes to the right, knock it up and throw the rebound to the right. Go to the far right and push this block up for 6 more chips.
Go back up and you meet the other two blocks you left behind. Move onto the strip to the right of this (on the left column) and wait for the block. Push it up and go to the top.
Move the block left onto the lower row to open the last 6 chips.
Go back to the other block; it should be coming fast towards you.

Move it down and follow it. Stop just before you meet the next strip and wait for the block.
Knock it to the right and then immediately move right. Push it down. Follow it and cross past the block's path.
As the block comes down, move it to the right and step QUICKLY LD. When the block rebounds right, push it up and get out of the way.
The exit is just below you; blow up the top bomb with the sliding block to access it. You put 739 seconds on ice.

LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY.
The Speaker (Hon. A. S. Cowley) read prayers, and took the chair at 3.30 o'clock. QUESTION OF ADJOURNMENT.
The Premier moved,— "That the House at its rising adjourn till 6.30 p.m. next day." Mr. McDonald and Mr. Dunsford opposed the motion, on the grounds that members were anxious to get away to their homes.
The motion was agreed to. . . . SUPPLY.
Postmaster-General. Resumption of Committee.
On the item, "Salaries," £137,540 — Mr. Byrnes detailed how the vote was an increase on the amount Iast year in consequence of increases to salaries. Mr. Dickson referred to the proposed change in reference to the carriage of newspapers from the southern colonies.
He was not in favour of postage on newspapers at all, since they constituted an educational medium, it was desirable to circulate freely. . . . Mr. Macdonald-Paterson discussed the efficacy of the Civil Service Board in preventing such grievances as had been referred to.
There were too many boards, and yet it seemed it was impossible for an employee to get justice in the Postal Department.

Mr. Glassey said that it was time that the letter carriers, who had so far done their work so well, should be permanently appointed. The services rendered by those men were of such a character that they should be recognised and be permanently appointed.
One officer in Gympie, of 24 years of age, was receiving £80 a year. Mr. Browne stated that the telegraphic line labourers complained that when working they were only paid so much per day, and that they had no chance of being appointed line repairers, messengers being appointed in preference to others who were not so competent for the work.
Mr. Kerr complained that the answers he got in reference to the mail service between Gramzow and Beenleigh and Gramzow and Redland Bay were incorrect, He had visited the Logan electorate, and what struck him was the extensive accommodation in that electorate compared with that in the western districts. Mr. Stodart said that he had been through the Logan electorate that day and had only seen one post office. He advised the member for the Barcoo to look after his own electorate.
Mr. Kerr asked if it was the intention of the department to run a service between Barcaldine and Blackall. Mr. Fitzgerald asked why the Government could not do in the western district as they did in other parts of the colony and utilise every possible means for creating mail services.
Mr. Byrnes replying to Mr. Kerr, stated that the department had inquired into the matter, and decided that the traffic between Barcaldine and Blackall did not justify the expenditure for a mail service.
Mr. Tozer said that the hon.
member for Flinders had referred to a certain officer who had been brought out from home, as a failure when he had been previously employed at Blackpool; but he (Mr. Tozer) contended that that was not so, as anyone who had anything to do with Mr. Hesketh had certified to his ability.
Mr. McDonald said that he had not said anything against the electrical engineer. He merely cautioned the Government to go steady in appointments of this land, in view of the reports circulated.
He thought that the Home Secretary might have let him know that he was going to bring up the matter. Mr. Bell thought that Mr. McDonald should have announced to the Home Secretary that he intended to bring up the matter in the first place.
Mr. McDonald contended that he should have done nothing of the kind. Mr. Keogh complained of the unfair manner in which the telegraph officers at the Ipswich station were treated in the matter of pay.

COMEDIANS' SURPRISE AT RADIO BAN.
Broadcasts Were Made Last January. (Continued From Page 1) Comedians who have been banned from radio by order of the Postmaster-General, Senator Cameron, said yesterday that the material alleged to have been objectionable was broadcast by them as long ago as January.
Miss Dorothy ("Dilly") Foster made the following statement last night, on behalf of herself and Miss Rita Pauncefort, with whom she broadcasts as "Ada and Elsie":— "About a month ago I received a letter from the Director-General of Poste and Telegraphs, advising me that an 'Ada and Elsie' session broadcast on January 9 had given offence to certain people.
I was asked (Start Photo Caption) AL THOMAS (End Photo Caption) to write immediately, and give any reason why I should not be suspended from broadcasting for any time that might be officially specified "I wrote that I was not aware of having broadcast anything offensive, and asking what material was complained of.
I received, in reply, the entire script of the matter broadcast without any passages marked, leaving the inference that the whole of the script was offensive. "I could not see anything offensive in it.

There were one or two jokes that might have been a bit saucy, but they could not be regarded as offensive.
There were several references, for example, to Canberra, and the political scene, but they were not objectionable.
"Neither Miss Pauncefort nor myself has been informed that we have been banned, or even that we might be banned."
ARTIST'S CHALLENGE. Al. Thomas said: "It was as far back as January that I put over the air matter which has been complained about, but it was not until about a month ago that I was advised of the objection to it.
"I am perfectly willing to submit the script which was complained about to any censorship. To suspend an artist for such matter, with all that it involves pecuniarily, for three months, is not only unfair, but it is ridiculous.
"However, the blow is softened by the fact that I shall probably be joining the Tivoli circuit. I claim that there was nothing whatever objectionable in the broadcasts on which action has been taken."
Wayne Froman, who is a member of a radio unit now in Adelaide, said that he had been notified by the Postmaster-General that he had been banned as from Monday. He did not know why. It was the first time exception had been taken to his broadcasts since he began in 1942.
Mr. Froman added that he intended to leave for America at the end of the year, after spending 10 years in Australia.
STATIONS IN DARK.
Representatives of commercial broadcasting stations and of Actors' Equity expressed surprise at the ban.
They said that they knew nothing of it until they saw the announcement in the newspapers. "It came as a shock," said one.

Almost any type of aerial and earth connection will give good results for receiving, but it is quite another story when it comes to transmitting long distances with a minimum of power. The best method of reducing the resistance losses in a transmitting aerial is to erect a counterpoise (or earth screen, as it is sometimes called) in addition to a good earth.
But before going on to the discussion of this a few words about the earthing system will be helpful.
Most experimenters use the water pipe for their earth, and this answers very well. For transmitting, however, at least three separate leads, of not less than 7/20 copper wire, should be run and all soldered to the waterpipe.
It will, of course, be necessary to turn off the water at the meter before attempting the soldering. One or two leads should be run by the shortest path to the nearest water pipe, and one should be taken to the street side of the water meter.
This one obviously cannot be soldered, but it should be securely attached with a good pipe clip. The pipe should first be thoroughly cleaned with emery cloth, then several layers of heavy tin foil wrapped round, after which the clip may be tightly bedded down on to the pipe.
At the writer's station (2CM) the radiation with a certain small transmitting set was 1.3 amps., using one 7/20 earth wire.
A second wire was then run to the street side of the water meter and the radiation increased to 1.5 amps., an increase of 200 milli-amps. A third wire was then connected to the water pipe between the two former ones, which resulted in a further increase of ten milli-amps.
A fourth wire caused no further increase in radiation, so that it was reasonable to suppose that with three wires the resistance was reduced to a minimum.
Now when a counterpoise was erected, and correctly tuned to the transmitted wave length, the radiation was further raised to 1.9 amps. The resistance of the aerial without counterpoise was six ohms.
With the counterpoise, only two ohms. From these figures it will be seen how very important it is that resistance losses should be reduced as much as possible.
Dealing with the erection and method of tuning the counterpoise, it can be considered to be an intermediate aerial, suspended directly between the main aerial and earth. It should be a "shadow" of the main aerial, with the same number of wires extending a few feet beyond at either end, and be of greater width.
Like any aerial, it must be thoroughly insulated, and the lead-in wires brought into the operating-room through a proper insulator. The height above the ground varies under different conditions, but it should be high enough to allow one to walk freely underneath.
Where a "T" aerial is used the counterpoise must also be a "T," and where the aerial is an "L" so also must be the counterpoise. As stated, it must be as like the aerial as possible.

First planned to commence as 2BX. Opened by the Postmaster-General, The Hon.
Andrew McLachlan, on landline from Melbourne. The studio equipment was designed, built, and installed by 2WG.
Their 200 watt transmitter was built by Cecil Stevenson from 2UE.
The studio, transmitter, record library, and office were all in one room. Owner Eddie Williams and his family lived in the second room (Eddie was previously a 2LT announcer).
The station was sold for £200 in 1939. Known as “The Centre of the West” and “Clarion of the West”.
On 21-7-1948 they held an appeal for winter clothes for the local orphanage. On 20 Aug 1948 they were off the air due to a “mechanical breakdown”.
On 23 Sep 1950 they broadcast a one hour variety concert by inmates from Goulburn gaol.
Started their children’s “Kookaburra” club in the 1950s. Bought by Kerry Packer in 1968 so he could install a directional aerial, to enable 3AK (which he owned, and which broadcast on the same frequency, 1500 kHz) to broadcast 24 hours.
However, once the aerial had been installed, the station was bought by Ron Camplin (owner of 2MG) in 1969 (also see 2XL). He doubled their revenue in one year.
Ron was awarded the Order of Australia in 1995 for ‘Services to Broadcasting’. He started his career as an office boy at 2CH.
Original member of the “Mid State Network” with 2LF, 2PK, 2DU, and 2MG. Opened a separate F.M.
service on 2 Dec 1996. Now has relay transmitters at Blayney, Oberon, Burraga and Sofala.

Progressivism - Progressivists believe that individuality, progress, and change are fundamental to one's education.
Believing that people learn best from what they consider most relevant to their lives, progressivists center their curricula on the needs, experiences, interests, and abilities of students. Progressivist teachers try making school interesting and useful by planning lessons that provoke curiosity.
In a progressivist school, students are actively learning. The students interact with one another and develop social qualities such as cooperation and tolerance for different points of view. In addition, students solve problems in the classroom similar to those they will encounter in their everyday lives.
Progressivists believe that education should be a process of ongoing growth, not just a preparation for becoming an adult.
An obvious example of progressivism would be our class. We are in groups a lot and we actively learn through discussion.
We talk about how what we read can be incorporated into our future teaching careers. Dr. Theodore takes into account the suggestions from the previous semester's students and modifies his class accordingly.
After reading John Dewey’s book and discussing his thoughts and ideas in class, one can see John Dewey's relationship to progressivism. He wanted students to learn through action and being involved in the processes that will get to the end product.
He wanted the students to work on hands-on projects so learning would take place, rather than memorization. In a regular classroom students just memorize what they need to know and it goes away after the test. In Dewey’s mind, the students would have to exercise their brain by problem solving and thinking critically, resulting in learning (even though the students may not even know it!). This allows the individual's brain to develop, so as the individual grows learning becomes easier!
After attending a school Dewey would have set up, a child would be ready for the real world and a lot of the everyday setbacks that an individual would experience, such as losing a button, changing a tire, making lunch, or balancing a checkbook. School would be a lot of hands-on learning, and the progression of education would not end!
Foundations of Education Web home page

Each personality type has identification marks in appearance. The ability to see this identification marks allows to add visual test to verbal test or do testing with help of visual test without verbal test at all.
This ability comes together with experience growth of determination of personality type. It is not always conveniently to propose verbal test to own chief but nobody will forbid to us to apply to own chief the visual test.
Only visual test makes it possible to determine the personality type of man, imprinted in the materials of video. The visual observation is more convenient method in comparison with the application of a verbal test, because application of the visual test doesn't distract of surrounding people from performance of own direct duties.
For example, the method of covert observational research have used by me under conducting of the research of unemployment problems for different personality types, when I sat on reception at the inspector in Public employment agency in town Berezniki. I determined the personality type of unemployed people with help of the identification marks and I fixed into the notebook the information, obtained from the dialogue between this unemployed people and inspector.
Respondent can lie during the answer to questions of verbal test about own personality type, but his face will lie never about own personality type.
Therefore the results of visual test about own personality type are more precise and more reliable in comparison with the results of verbal test. The personality type is written on a forehead at each person.
The reliability of the results of visual test can be accepted as absolute. I have executed an empirical research for the purpose to determine the degree of reliability and the degree of the validity of verbal test in 2003 in the school of №6 town Berezniki.
I have defined personality types of pupils in advance on the basis of observation for them during one year with help of use of the visual test.
Then I proposed to them to answer on questions of verbal test. 94 pupils was interrogated The results of visual and verbal test have coincided in 74 people.
The degree of the reliability of the results of verbal test, the degree of the coincidence of the results of visual test and results of verbal test have composed 79%. Such is degree of validity of the verbal test.
The especially low degree of the coincidence of the results of visual test and results of verbal test is observed at technicians.
